Title: User Experience Designer
Work Type: Internship
Description: 【SUBMISSION】 ● Send your resume to Koda - Tanbii directly at our Discord (https://discord.gg/YCqGb3y3pt) Are You:● Passionate about Sustainability and Climate Change?● Interested in Virtual Worlds and Gaming?● Want to be rewarded for living sustainably?● Want to get experience working for a venture-backed, fast-growing startup and get in on the ground floor● Do you want to support the creation of world-class, cutting-edge technology?● Do you have experience in UI/UX, or game design? Yes? Then come join us at Tanbii!● We think you’re fantastic.● We think building eco-gaming software to increase human agency is good.● We also think it’s good business! What is Tanbii?● Tanbii is a planet-impact universe that bridges the real and virtual worlds for a greener planet. Reduce carbon in the real world, and get rewarded in the virtual world. We financially incentivize people to reduce personal carbon emissions in a simple, fun, and safe way. Reduce to earn. At the same, we help brands to reduce waste and generate more revenues. It’s a win-win for everyone.● Eco-Gaming is a concept created by Tanbii that bridges the gap between real and virtual worlds. The carbon emission you reduce in the real world helps you get rewarded in the virtual world. What We Are Looking For:● Collaborate with cross functional teams to understand project requirements and user needs.● Assist in the design and development of wireframes, mockups, and prototypes for web, mobile applications and creative assets.● Contribute creative ideas and innovative solutions to improve user experience and interface design.● Conduct user research and usability testing to gather feedback and iterate on design concepts.● Create visual assets, icons, and graphics to enhance the overall user interface.● Ensure consistency and adherence to brand guidelines across all design elements.● Love our environment and want to reduce your own carbon emissions immediately● Deep curiosity, relentless resourcefulness, and a growth mindset● Ability to effectively prioritize tasks in a rapidly shifting landscape● An adaptable, iterative thinker who is constantly learning● Curious, innovative, and confident in your abilities to drive change● Any Major or Graduate Degree welcome to apply! We just want to see your passion for sustainability and your ability to build a large user community! Preferably have experience in game design. Responsibilities:● Strong proficiency in design tools such as Adobe XD, Sketch, Figma, or similar software.● Solid understanding of user-centered design principles and methodologies.● Creative thinking and problem-solving skills with a keen eye for detail.● Excellent communication and teamwork skills, with the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment.● Portfolio showcasing previous UI/UX design projects or coursework is preferred.● Eagerness to learn and grow as a designer, with a passion for user experience and digital innovation. What We Can Offer You● A dynamic and highly collaborative founding team of successful serial entrepreneurs, ex-Google from Harvard, Wharton, Columbia, and USC● Fully, 100% Remote (US)● Full Time or Part Time● Class Credit● Fun and motivating working environment● Be recognized in numerous prestigious publications and awards● Reduce your carbon footprint and be the savior of our planet!● For our best student interns, this is a pathway to a full-time role upon graduation!! 【SUBMISSION】 ● Send your resume to Koda - Tanbii directly at our Discord (https://discord.gg/YCqGb3y3pt)