Title: Embedded Systems Application Engineer
Work Type: Full-time
Description: We are seeking a highly energetic and passionate individual capable of taking on the technical leadership in the USA. The role involves taking ownership of Blaxtair technology in order to perform product management and OEM business development for the North American Market. As Application Engineer, you engage daily with the Technical, Product Management, and OEM Sales teams as well as with the sales and technical teams of customers. These interactions involve people across Europe and North America. Application Engineer Responsibilities (subject to develop over time) Technical Leadership:You oversee training of the entire technical team in the U.S. (installation, repairs, customer support, integration support, maintenance). You are the technical reference for the entire team in North America, including for existing and new features of our products. You contribute to the production of technical documentation in English in the scope of your responsibilities, for internal and external use. You may also contribute to easing the relationship with U.S. laboratories in order to develop research partnerships with Arcure. Product Management:You support the product manager in Europe to understand the North American market, including interviewing customers, partaking in internal sales, gathering user and installer needs, and structuring feedback to the product manager.You provide customer feedback and propose product improvements to estimate the potential size of new business brought by these improvements.You are in permanent contact with the product manager and development team in Europe to understand the technology, roadmap, and potential impacts of customer requests on product design and performance.You contribute to the management and coordination of new product and feature launches in North America, potentially interfacing with all departments of the Group. OEM Business Development:Arcure is quickly expanding in the Global AI Market and Smart Perception for Off-Road Vehicles. Off-Road Vehicle Manufacturers (OEM) in North America are a key component to our growth strategy. In the scope of Arcure development, the relationships with North American forklifts and construction equipment manufacturers are being developed. As the North American product expert and main technical contact to local OEMs you will:Make technical presentations at OEM facilities to support the local sales teams.Discuss the integration and interfaces between Blaxtair products and OEM machines, supporting European-based product management, OEM business development, and the research and development team. Qualifications/SkillsAutonomous, self-confident, proactiveStructured, rigorous, analytical, technically curious, organized, ability to multitask Dynamic, pragmatic, able to identify drivers of problems, problem-solver attitudeAbility to take ownership of the entire scope of technical lead for the USAbility to develop product and company knowledgeProfessional, skilled presenter and public speaker, ability to develop client relationshipsNegotiation, ambition to take responsibilities in a growing companyEmpathy, good listening skillsTeam culture approach, intercultural experience or skills, taste for European culture Education and ExperienceMinimum Education: Bachelor of Science in Computer and Electrical Engineering2 years of experience in project or product management or product in the field of embedded systemsForeign language (French) a plusAI or Edge Computing experience a plus Job Location / TypeLocated in Boise (ID)Part-time remote work is possible for this positionFull-time exempt Benefits401(K), Health/Dental/Vision, Disability, and Life InsurancePaid time off (15 days PTO + 1 additional PTO every year up to 20, 5 Holidays, 5 sick days) CompensationBase: according to experience and skillsPerformance bonus is paid twice per year Travel RequirementMostly in the U.S. Some Foreign trips to be expected several times per year. Recruiting processInterviews with Program Manager and CEOShort test may be administeredTwo references required