Title: Forklift Operator / Material Handler - Hiring 1st Shift!
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Contract
Description: Job Description Hiring Reach Forklift Operators for a great company in Hudson, OH! Great Full Time Opportunity, Lots of Opportunity for Advancement and Career Building! Job Summary: Seeking Material Handlers to aid in the warehouse operations for a local manufacturing company located in Hudson! This company specializes in fasteners and bolts. Candidates will oversee the loading/unloading process, as well as staging and general inventory material handling duties. Clean, large warehouse, with lots of opportunity for growth! Forklift / Reach Truck experience is required! Candidates will be asked to use a pivoting reach forklift to obtain inventory on multi-level racking. 1st Shift: 7:00 AM to 3:30 PM / Monday through Friday Key Job Responsibilities: Load/unload trucks or other delivery vehicles as necessary using the appropriate material handling equipment. Place and move inventory on multi-level rackingOperates lift trucks and other moving devices used in a warehouse. Cleans/organizes/straightens areas as defined by Lead or Supervisor which may include removing trash, scrap bins, skids, boxes and/or other others items that result from a factory environment. Assist with shipping activities as needed, including pulling product from storage, labeling, banding and stretch wrapping skids, and loading of out-bound trucks. Responsibilities may include transporting product down ramps, stairs, or docks, in all weather conditions. Skills Required: Prior Shipping / Receiving / Material Handling experience required. Previous manufacturing, warehousing, business, or physical distribution experienceEnergetic, positive attitude, professional demeanorMust have impeccable organizational skills and be detailed oriented. Effectively plan and organize work activities independent of direct supervision. Solid interpersonal skills, able to maintain cooperative working relationship with all levels of personnel Physical Demands: Ability to lift up to 75 lbs. Must routinely use lift trucks and other material handling devices. Capable of performing physical activity that requires considerable use of arms and legs, and movement of whole body, such as lifting and bending. If interested please respond to the Ad with Resume and we will be in touch! ** PrimeTime Personnel LLC Company Description Seeking Reliable Workers for Quality Career Opportunities! Seeking Reliable Workers for Quality Career Opportunities!