Title: Medical Assistant, Primary Care at Hockessin
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Details Christiana Care, Primary Care at Hockessin is looking for a Medical Assistant. The Hockessin location is on Yorklyn Road in Hockessin, Delaware. Hockessin offers a range of medical services for children and adults through all stages of life. As a medical assistant you will be responsible for assisting physicians in the examination and treatment of patients with virtual and on-site appointments. You will also be responsible to deliver quality patient care and to perform other clinical and clerical duties within the practice. Hockessin | ChristianaCare Work Schedule: This is a full time (overtime eligible) Monday to Friday position where all Medical Assistants are required to work one late night a week; either on Tuesday or Thursday starting their day at 10am and ending at 7pm.The office is open Mondays and Wednesdays from 8am to 5pm, Tuesdays and Thursdays from 8am to 7pm, and Fridays 8am to 4:30pm.All Medical Assistants are also required to work one Saturday every three months from 8am to 12pm. During your turn to provide Saturday coverage (once every 3 months) the office location will rotate between the Hockessin & Lantana Square offices. Compensation / Benefits: Full Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, etc.Two retirement planning offerings, including 403(b) with company contributions.Generous paid time off with annual roll-over and opportunities to cash out.12 weeks paid parental leave.Tuition assistanceIncredible Work/Life benefits including annual membership to care.com, access to backup care services for dependents through Care@Work, retirement planning services, financial coaching, fitness and wellness reimbursement, and great discounts through several vendors for hotels, rental cars, theme parks, shows, sporting events, movie tickets, insurance and much more! Education Requirements: High School Graduate or GED required.A graduate of a recognized Medical Assistant Program or hold current Medical Assistant Certification by a national organization accredited by the National Commission for Certifying Agencies (NCCA) or the American National Standards Institute (ANSI). Strengths and Qualities: Attention to detailDependabilityExcellent communication skillsIntegrityTechnical skills When we lead with love, excellence is inevitable. Post End DateJun 30, 2024 EEO Posting StatementChristiana Care Health System is an equal opportunity employer, firmly committed to prohibiting discrimination, whose staff is reflective of its community, and considers qualified applicants for open positions without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity or expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local law.