Title: Line Cook - Café Nordstrom - Downtown Portland
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description The ideal line cook is motivated, results oriented and committed to providing outstanding customer service every day. A day in the life… Prepare food items consistently and adhere to all recipe standards Maintain a safe working environment by using proper food handling skills and food safety guidelines Complete kitchen tasks such as line setup, food preparation, cleanup and breakdown The hours and schedule for this position will vary by week depending on business needs You own this if you have… The ability to communicate clearly and professionally with customers and coworkers Successfully thrived in a fast-paced environment The ability to work a flexible schedule A food handler’s card where required by local and state regulations 1+ year experience in food service/hospitality (preferred) We’ve got you covered… Our employees are our most important asset and that’s reflected in our benefits. Nordstrom is proud to offer a variety of benefits to support employees and their families, including: Medical/Vision, Dental, Retirement and Paid Time AwayLife Insurance and DisabilityMerchandise Discount and EAP Resources A few more important points... The job posting highlights the most critical responsibilities and requirements of the job. It’s not all-inclusive. There may be additional duties, responsibilities and qualifications for this job. The hours and schedule for this position will vary by week depending on business needs and your availability. Nordstrom will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all legal requirements. Applicants with disabilities who require assistance or accommodation should contact the nearest Nordstrom location, which can be identified at www.nordstrom.com. © 2022 Nordstrom, Inc Current Nordstrom employees: To apply, log into Workday, click the Careers button and then click Find Jobs.