Title: Medical Assistant - Mobile Health Unit
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description: WESTSIDE IS LOOKING FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANTS FOR OUR MOBILE HEALTH UNIT! $5,000 SIGN ON BONUS! Join the team making a difference in the community! Westside Family Healthcare is a nonprofit organization that provides high quality primary medical care without regard to ability to pay. The Mobile Health Medical Assistant is a part of our clinical team that delivers health care on our Mobile Health Unit (MHU). During the summer months, the Mobile Health Medical Assistants work will focus on the care of migrant and seasonal farmworkers (MSAW). During non-summer months, the Mobile Health Medical Assistant will help to deliver care and services in our community. Duties include providing clinical support, charting, patient education. outreach, immunization clinics, and phlebotomy. Since opening our doors in 1988, Westside has been driven by our mission to improve the health of our communities by providing equal access to quality healthcare, regardless of ability to pay. With 240 team members, five health centers, one mobile health unit and over 27,000 patients all across Delaware, Westside is committed to improving health, one patient, one family, one community at a time. WORKING AT WESTSIDE MEANS WORKING IN A PRIMARY CARE MEDICAL HOME. A Primary Care Medical Home is not a special building. It is a way to provide healthcare that puts the patient at the center of health care decision-making. As a community health center, Westside Family Healthcare provides care for everyone who walks through our doors, regardless of ability to pay, immigration or citizenship status, national origin, religion, race, ethnicity, gender identity, or sexual orientation. Our Mission: To improve the health of our communities by providing equal access to quality healthcare, regardless of ability to pay Our Vision: Achieve health equity for all Our Values: Compassion: Lead with compassion Service: Serve with humility Excellence: Be exceptional Empowerment: Empower all people OUR BENEFITS: Our benefit package includes medical insurance (two plans to choose from), dental insurance (through Guardian Dental), vision insurance, life insurance paid by Westside with the option to purchase more paid, short-term disability paid for by Westside, long term disability paid by the employee, a 401(k) retirement plan with a match, and supplemental insurances. We offer a generous PTO package and flexibility to provide work/life balance. Westside Family Healthcare is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values diversity. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE MOBILE HEALTH MEDICAL ASSISTANT Along with the Mobile Health Nurse, determine what supplies will be needed for mobile outings, and make sure those supplies are packed/prepared.During mobile clinics, Room patients -this includes but not limited to: escort patients to examination rooms, prepare them for the provider by completing medication reconciliation, obtaining and recording in the electronic medical record system the patient's medical history, chief complaint, assess vitals, complete care gaps and any additional care as needed or requested.On non-clinic days assist outreach team with finding and schedule potential patientsPrepare exam rooms for patient exams, ensuring that exam rooms are neat, clean, well-stocked and properly prepared.Collect urine, blood, tissue, or other laboratory specimens, log the specimens, and prepare them for testing.Operate electrocardiogram (EKG) or other equipment to administer routine diagnostic testsPrepare and administer medications and vaccines as directed by the provider with appropriate written ordersProvide education to patients regarding treatment procedures, medications, diets, providers' instructions and preparation necessary for diagnostic tests, x-rays and laboratory examinationsClean and sterilize instruments and dispose of contaminated suppliesPerform and document point-of-care equipment testing daily before beginning patient care Attend community meetings and participate in community events/fairs to support the care for patient's we partner withWork with Associate Director of MSAW and MSAW supervisor on initiatives to grow mobile health from seasonal, to year round PM22Requirements: Minimum Objective QualificationsHigh school diploma or GEDSuccessful completion of a medical assistant training program at an accredited institutionBasic life support certificationExperience using Microsoft Office software and electronic medical record softwareAvailability to work evenings, sometimes after midnight, during mobile clinicBilingual – able to speak fluently in English and Spanish PREFERRED OBJECTIVE QUALIFICATIONS Some advanced training/college courses in Allied Health, Science, Medical Assisting, or other healthcare-related fieldMedical Assistant certification by a national organization accredited by the National Commission for Certifying Agencies (NCCA) or the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) completed within 12 months of hireCompletion of an interpreter training course, certification by the Certification Commission for Healthcare Interpreters or certification by the National Board of Certification for Medical Interpreters PI239284631