Title: CDL Driver/Warehouse
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: CDL/Warehouse Since 2022, Associated Materials / Alside has been undergoing a transformation to maximize our potential through investments in people, operations, and brands. If you want to be part of a company where your ideas and input are more than just encouraged--they are valued--this is the place for you. At Associated Materials / Alside, your contributions will provide an immediate and lasting impact, helping us achieve what is possible. Position Summary Founded in 1947, Alside is a leading distributor of exterior building products for residential and commercial remodeling and new construction markets. Are you looking for an opportunity to make local deliveries and be home every night, working first shift Monday-Friday? We offer a consistent, stable schedule along with a comprehensive benefits package including paid time off, medical, dental, vision, 401(k) retirement plan with company matching contributions, and paid holidays. The CDL Driver/Warehouse position will be responsible for operating CDL required fleet vehicles, truck mounted forklifts and warehouse forklifts. Components of this position include working with warehouse staff along with following DOT and company safety policies. key Accountabilities And Warehouse Execution Ensures delivery vehicles and equipment is operated safely and efficientlyMaintain accurate delivery logs and follows DOT regulations and company safety policiesCompletes required paperwork and provides to the appropriate departmentResponsible for accurate material handling practices to ensure customer satisfactionAssists in day-to-day functions of warehouse execution while following 5S practicesOperate in a safe manner and maintain a safe work environment Key Responsibilities Delivry Ensures all daily check lists and paperwork is completed to maintain clean and safe delivery vehicles/equipmentMonitoring and ensuring all load securement policies are being followed for safe and accurate deliveries on siteCommunicating with both supply center staff and customers to provide on time deliveryProvide industry leading customer service when conducting both residential and commercial job site deliveries Required Education, Experience & Skills Commercial Driver's LicenseHigh School diploma or general education degree (GED)Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, maintenance instructions, and procedure manualsDelivery ExperienceBasic Warehouse/Wholesale OperationsSafety policies and processes Physical Requirements Lift or move up to 100 lbs. Standing frequently Walking frequently Talking frequently Hearing frequently Usage of hands and fingers Reaching with hands and arms Work Environment The atmosphere is that of a warehouse environment and office spaceThis position will primarily work in a facility where forklifts are presentWill be exposed to outside elements when making deliveries Employees must wear Personal Protective Equipment that is issued for the branch locationTemperature can range from extreme cold to extreme heat A brand of Associated Materials, Alside is a leader in exterior building products for residential and commercial remodeling and new construction markets. Established in 1947, Alside distributes a variety of windows, siding, metals, and other building products throughout its more than 100 company-operated supply centers across the United States, serving as a true partner to contractors, remodelers, builders and architects for building products and services. ALSIDE BUILDING PRODUCTS . . . THE CHOICE OF INDUSTRY PROFESSIONALS Associated Materials, LLC. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. We also make reasonable accommodations for disabled employees and applicants, as required by law. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled