Title: IT Security Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Looking to build your career and design your future? You have come to the right place. About ILG Interior Logic Group, the United States’ premier and largest provider of interiors for new homes, is changing the home building industry by delivering the most powerful virtual home shopping, design, and analytics platform. Our technology engages new home buyers, accelerates option selection, drives incremental revenue, and improves homebuyer satisfaction. Our technology creates significant value for our customers, their homebuyers, and internal stakeholders. ILG is seeking professionals with hands-on development, who are interested in working in the industry but with the excitement of a fast-growing technology company. Come join a fantastic team where we are transforming the new home design industry with our innovative technology! Job Summary The IT Security Manager is responsible for establishing and maintaining the company's information security program to ensure that information assets are adequately protected. This position is responsible for identifying, evaluating, and reporting on information security risks in a manner that meets compliance and regulatory requirements, and aligns with and supports the risk posture of the enterprise. Key Responsibilities Develop, implement, and maintain the company's information security policies and procedures.Ensure that the company's information security program is in compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and contractual requirements.Manage the company's information security risk assessment process, including the reporting and oversight of treatment efforts to address negative findings.Oversee the company's incident response planning and the investigation of security breaches and assist with disciplinary and legal matters associated with such breaches as necessary.Work with the company's IT department to ensure that security is factored into the evaluation, selection, installation, and configuration of hardware, applications, and software.Promote security awareness and training programs across the company.Lead and manage the information security team, set goals and objectives for the team, and provide guidance and mentorship to team members. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Information Systems, or a related field.CISSP and CCIE Certifications preferred.Minimum of 5 years of experience in information security, with a focus on security risk management and compliance.Knowledge of information security standards and frameworks, such as ISO 27001, NIST, and CIS Controls.Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate security and risk-related concepts to technical and non-technical audiences.Strong leadership skills, with the ability to build and manage a team of information security professionals. Work Eligibility Must pass work eligibility requirements We are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. If you like working with a growing close knit team and helping home owners design the home of their dreams, come build your career with us! All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, individual with disabilities, veteran status, gender identity or national origin.