Title: Regional Communications Director
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Join us—Where your Career is a Force for Good! Job Description WHY CHOOSE US? As one of the nation’s premier humanitarian organizations, the American Red Cross is dedicated to helping people in need throughout the United States and, in association with other Red Cross networks, throughout the world. When you join our team, you have a direct impact on a meaningful mission, and you can help save lives every day. If you share our passion for helping people, join us in this excellent career opportunity. Work where your career is a force for good. We are committed to the diversity of our workforce and to delivering our programs and services in a culturally competent manner reflecting the communities we serve. Our work environment is collaborative, respectful, and inclusive with a focus on building allyship and a culture of belonging that empowers all team members. Come to learn, grow, and succeed while sharing your passion for making a difference. The Red Cross supports a variety of cultural and community resource groups for employees and volunteers. From the Ability Network, our Asian American & Pacific Islander Resource Group, the Latino Resource Group, and Red Cross PRIDE, to the Umoja African American Resource Group, our Veterans+ Resource Group, and the Women’s Resource Group, these networks provide connections, mentoring and help give voice to important concerns and opinions. At the American Red Cross, your uniqueness can shine! What You Need To Know Plan and implement communications and marketing activities that drive business objectives and results, raise the visibility of the Red Cross mission, support revenue generation, and educate the public on how to access Red Cross services. Provide communication and marketing support and implement the strategic plan aligned with organizational communication and marketing priorities. Provide support, development and/or leadership guidance to all volunteers. Perform all duties and responsibilities in compliance with standard operating procedures and other applicable Federal, State, and local regulations. WHERE YOUR CAREER IS A FORCE GOOD Strategy: In collaboration with the regional executive and division communication director, determine and execute a strategic communications plan that is aligned with enterprise-wide communications and marketing strategies, that supports service delivery and revenue generation efforts across all lines of business. Media Relations and Social Engagement: Work with regional executive and division communications director to develop and execute determined media relations and social media strategy, including social media platform maintenance, media contact management, news release distributions, pitching, etc. Respond to local media inquiries by coordinating interviews and providing Red Cross approved information, as appropriate. May be required to serve as a Red Cross spokesperson. Train and prepare staff and volunteer spokespersons throughout the region, review support requests and develop and execute an effective communications strategy. Monitor and analyze public relations and social engagement data. Public Affairs and Crisis Communications: Support regional, divisional, and potentially national, disaster public affairs activities. Provide training and guidance to regional disaster public affairs spokespersons and volunteers. May be required to serve as a spokesperson, deploy to support disaster response operations outside of home region, or may be tasked to conduct public affairs volunteer training and development across the division. Develop and implement crisis communications strategies in collaboration with regional executive and division communications director. Internal Communications: Collaborate with regional executive to develop and implement internal communications strategies and initiatives. Management: Ensure delivery of direct report(s) performance goals, daily activities, and manage achievement. Build volunteer engagement. Scope Interpret and administer policies, process, and procedures that may affect sections and subordinate units. What You Need To Succeed Valid Driver's License Education: Bachelor’s degree required in Communications, Journalism, Public Relations, Marketing, Public Affairs or related field. Experience: Minimum 5 years of related experience or equivalent combination of education and related experience required in Communications, Journalism, Public Relations, Marketing, Public Affairs or related field required. Management Experience: 3 years of supervisory or management experience. Skills and Abilities: Outstanding oral and written communication skills required, with proven knowledge of AP Style. Manage experienced professionals. Fully proficient in work and industry. Strong organizational, multi-tasking skills with ability to meet deadlines. Ability to use Microsoft Office Suite. Familiarity with Cision/TrendKite or other media monitoring software. Experience managing professional social media accounts. Strong teamwork and collaboration required. Willingness to serve as a media spokesperson required, experience as a spokesperson preferred. Ability to work on a team. Travel: Travel may be required 10-25%. Combination of candidate’s education and general experience satisfies requirements so long as the total years equate to description’s minimum education and general experience years combined (Management experience cannot be substituted). Physical Requirements The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to handle or feel; and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 15 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 30 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. The work environment will consist of moderate noise (i.e. business office with computers, phones and printers, light traffic). The employee must have the ability to work in a small cubicle and have the ability to sit at a computer terminal for an extended period of time. DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this position. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. Benefits For You We take care of you, while you take care of others. As a mission-based organization, we believe our team needs great support to do great work. Our comprehensive benefits help you in balancing home and work. With our resources and perks, you have amazing possibilities at the American Red Cross to advance the learn. Medical, Dental Vision plans Health Spending Accounts & Flexible Spending Accounts PTO + Holidays 401K with 5% match Paid Family Leave Employee Assistance Disability and Insurance: Short + Long Term Service Awards and recognition Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Interested in Volunteering? Life’s emergencies don’t stop, and neither do American Red Cross volunteers, who represent more than 90 percent of our workforce to help prevent and alleviate human suffering. You can make a difference by volunteering in a position that appeals to you and allows you to use your unique skills and talents. The Red Cross relies on generous volunteers who give their time and talent to help fulfill our lifesaving mission. Visit redcross.org/volunteertoday to learn more, including our most-needed volunteer positions. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of Rights