Title: Assistant Dean, Strategic Initiatives and Chief of Staff to the Dean
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Position Information Reporting to the Vice Chancellor for Health Sciences and Dean, School of Medicine, the Chief of Staff/Assistant Dean (CS/AD) advises the VC/Dean and other senior leadership on matters of School-wide importance, sets priorities and executes strategy for internal projects and external community engagement in alignment with medical school goals, and facilitates coordination among senior leadership to create and achieve the School’s strategic plan. The incumbent provides leadership in six broad areas: 1) Executive consultation and support to the VC/Dean, including briefings, presentation and research, and providing leadership on high-level special projects and committees; 2) Strategic plan development and implementation, including establishment of strategic planning processes and regular renewals/updates, integration with budgeting and financial planning; creation of goals and metrics and tracking/reporting on progress and barriers; 3) Internal and external communications and public affairs, including website, social media, articles, newsletters/publications, and coordination with Development and others on communications for external funding opportunities; 4) Governmental and community relations; including coordination on legislative initiatives and required reporting, and representing the SOM with community and governmental groups; responsible for developing and implementing a strategy for community engagement and includes oversight of external sponsorships; 5) Provides leadership for the planning and execution of SOM wide events such as Commencement, White Coat and other special events such as major lectures, open houses or recognitions; 6) Coordination of non-financial data and reporting including annual key statistics, and reporting to UCOP external entities. The incumbent is responsible for the planning and execution of the budget of the Strategic Initiatives unit, and manages career and student staff in the implementation of projects, and programs under his/her purview. The CS/AD is accountable for developing and implementing the strategic planning process, and for tracking and reporting related to the strategic plan at both the school-wide and unit level. The incumbent is also responsible for for a variety of mission-critical activities and special projects at the direction of the VC/Dean, which can include leading the development of new projects, initiatives and facilitating a coordinated approach across units. The incumbent provides leadership for the development and implementation of a comprehensive communication and public affairs program for internal and external audiences to promote the interests of the UCR School of Medicine and serves as an advisor to the VC/Dean and other medical school leadership on communications and external relations matters. He/she manages selected intra-campus relationships, including those with the Chancellor’s Office, University Advancement, UCR Governmental and Community Relations, and University Communications, as well as related functions in the UC Office of the President. The CS/AD represents the School of Medicine for selected campus, system wide and external activities. The incumbent works with a high level of discretion, independence, and responsibility, and handles a workload based on priorities and timeliness of projects. The full salary range for this position is $170,800 to $350,600. However, the expected pay scale for this position is $170,800 to $305,650 annually. We base salary offers on a variety of considerations, such as education, licensure and certifications, experience, and other business and organizational needs. Applicants must have current work authorization when accepting a UCR staff position. Currently, we are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment Visa for staff. Requirements Educational Requirements Degree Bachelor's degree in related area and/or related experience/training. Requirement Required Degree Advanced degree. Requirement Preferred Experience Requirements Experience Minimum of 10 years of related experience. Requirement Required Experience Experience directing complex constituent relations in a diverse region. Requirement Experience 10 - 15 years of related experience. Requirement Experience Experience in academic medicine operations, strategic planning and/or public relations, marketing or constituent relations. Requirement Experience Previous supervisory/managerial experience. Requirement Minimum Requirements Advanced knowledge of the legal constraints and opportunities for higher education in the State of California and through Federal programs and regulations.Advanced knowledge of the organizational environment of higher education and large research universities to understand client priorities, issues, motivations and constraints.Advanced knowledge of organizational processes, protocols and procedures.Excellent consulting, relationship building and strategic thinking skills.Excellent ability to establish mission and goals at the macro-level; to lead subordinate management to develop goals in alignment with mission.Sophisticated leadership abilities to establish department goals, and motivate and influence others to achieve.Thorough knowledge of financial analysis and reporting techniques; human resources and risk management planning; accounting and payroll.Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal; experience and skill in public speaking and presentations.Demonstrated skill in developing effective interpersonal relationships with the media and a variety of constituency leaders and demonstrated interpersonal skills to interact diplomatically and productively with such people.Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships and collaborative partnerships with students, faculty, administrators, co-workers, alumni and community leaders.Ability to effectively represent UC Riverside to community members, medical and health organizations, physicians, and local community organizations at meetings, conferences, and other public and/or press events.Ability to deal with sensitive and highly confidential information and skill in handling sensitive situations with discretion.Ability to generate innovative ideas, originate action without instruction, establish goals and priorities in the development of programs, plan and complete projects on time under conditions of fluctuating workload.Skill in working independently and following through on assignments with minimal direction.Political acumen to enable sound independent political judgments and to work effectively with diverse internal and external constituencies including the Chancellor and other top administrators, faculty, staff, students, parents, alumni, high level donors, community and business leaders, opinion leaders, and elected officials at all levels and their staffs. Preferred Qualifications Additional Information In the Heart of Inland Southern California, UC Riverside is located on nearly 1,200 acres near Box Springs Mountain in Southern California; the park-like campus provides convenient access to the vibrant and growing Inland region. The campus is a living laboratory for the exploration of issues critical to growing communities' air, water, energy, transportation, politics, the arts, history, and culture. UCR gives every student, faculty and staff member the resources to explore, engage, imagine and excel. UC Riverside is recognized as one of the most ethnically diverse research universities in the country boasting several key rankings of which we are extremely proud. UC Riverside is proud to be ranked No. 12 among all U.S. universities, according to Money Magazine's 2020 rankings, and among the top 1 percent of universities worldwide, according to the 2019-20 Center for World University rankings. UC Riverside is the top university in the United States for social mobility. - U.S. News 2020 UCR is a member of the University Innovation Alliance, the leading national coalition of public research universities committed to improving student success for low-income, first-generation, and students of color. Among top-tier universities, UC Riverside ranks No. 2 in financial aid. - Business Insider 2019 Ranked No. 2 in the world for research, UCR's Department of Entomology maintains one of the largest collections of insect specimens the nation. - Center for World University Rankings UCR's distinguished faculty boasts 2 Nobel Laureates, and 13 members of the National Academies of Science and Medicine. The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of excellence and diversity among its faculty and staff. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. For information about our generous employee benefits package, visit: Employee Benefits Overview Job Description Details Generic Scope Oversees through subordinate managers one or more large, complex departments or business units with multiple functional disciplines/occupations, OR manages a program, regardless of size, that has critical impact upon the organization as a whole, such as most or all of a campus, medical center, UCOP or the UC System. Has significant responsibility for formulating and administering policies and programs, manages significant human, financial, and physical resources, and functions with a very high degree of autonomy. Oversees through subordinate managers the accountability and stewardship of department resources and the development of systems and procedures to protect organizational assets. Custom Scope For the executive (i.e. Chancellor or Health System CEO), develops organizational policies and authorizes their implementation. Provides advice, guidance, and assistance to the executive. Represents the organization in location-wide and systemwide meetings and discussions. Recognized as an influential leader. Makes final decisions for the organization and ensures achievement of objectives. Erroneous decisions will have a serious impact on the overall success of the organization. Department Custom Scope Reporting to the Vice Chancellor for Health Sciences and Dean, School of Medicine, the Chief of Staff/Assistant Dean (CS/AD) advises the VC/Dean and other senior leadership on matters of School-wide importance, sets priorities and executes strategy for internal projects and external community engagement in alignment with medical school goals, and facilitates coordination among senior leadership to create and achieve the School’s strategic plan. The incumbent provides leadership in six broad areas: 1) Executive consultation and support to the VC/Dean, including briefings, presentation and research, and providing leadership on high-level special projects and committees; 2) Strategic plan development and implementation, including establishment of strategic planning processes and regular renewals/updates, integration with budgeting and financial planning; creation of goals and metrics and tracking/reporting on progress and barriers; 3) Internal and external communications and public affairs, including website, social media, articles, newsletters/publications, and coordination with Development and others on communications for external funding opportunities; 4) Governmental and community relations; including coordination on legislative initiatives and required reporting, and representing the SOM with community and governmental groups; responsible for developing and implementing a strategy for community engagement and includes oversight of external sponsorships; 5) Provides leadership for the planning and execution of SOM wide events such as Commencement, White Coat and other special events such as major lectures, open houses or recognitions; 6) Coordination of non-financial data and reporting including annual key statistics, and reporting to UCOP external entities. The incumbent is responsible for the planning and execution of the budget of the Strategic Initiatives unit, and manages career and student staff in the implementation of projects, and programs under his/her purview. The CS/AD is accountable for developing and implementing the strategic planning process, and for tracking and reporting related to the strategic plan at both the school-wide and unit level. The incumbent is also responsible for for a variety of mission-critical activities and special projects at the direction of the VC/Dean, which can include leading the development of new projects, initiatives and facilitating a coordinated approach across units. The incumbent provides leadership for the development and implementation of a comprehensive communication and public affairs program for internal and external audiences to promote the interests of the UCR School of Medicine and serves as an advisor to the VC/Dean and other medical school leadership on communications and external relations matters. He/she manages selected intra-campus relationships, including those with the Chancellor’s Office, University Advancement, UCR Governmental and Community Relations, and University Communications, as well as related functions in the UC Office of the President. The CS/AD represents the School of Medicine for selected campus, system wide and external activities. The incumbent works with a high level of discretion, independence, and responsibility, and handles a workload based on priorities and timeliness of projects.