Title: Physician - Family Medicine - Internal Medicine - Baptist Primary Care Yellow Bluff
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Summary Baptist Primary Care Yellow Bluff is located in one of the most populated areas in Northeast Florida, which continues to grow. As a Family or Internal Medicine Physician with our practice, you will have the advantage of a broad-based support system through Baptist Health to provide excellent care to your patients. What You Can Expect Guarantee of $230,000+ based upon experienceSigning Bonus of $20,000Retention Bonus in Year 2Shared call scheduleAverage of 18 - 22 patients per dayEpic EHR System All About The Benefits Physician led, professionally managed enterpriseCollaborative work environment15 minutes away from the Airport19 minutes away from DowntownRapidly growing surrounding communities What You Will Need MD or DOBoard Certified or Board eligibleActive/Unrestricted medical license Who We Are - Baptist Primary Care Baptist Primary Care is an integral component of Baptist Health, Northeast Florida’s “Most Preferred” provider since 1990 ranking highest in the categories of Best Doctors, Best Nurses, Best Quality and Best Reputation. Baptist Primary Care physicians enjoy the ability to build thriving practices with extensive specialty support as part of the largest and most robust physician network in the region. With six award-winning hospitals and services spanning the spectrum of inpatient and outpatient care, Baptist Health offers providers the opportunity to build exceptional careers backed by a renowned reputation, outstanding infrastructure, and a patient-centered culture at the heart of our mission. There's a Place for You Here Come experience a different side of life here in northeast Florida. A vibrant mix of old southern charm and modern Florida flair makes Jacksonville exceptionally different from anywhere else. From the Jacksonville Jazz Festival to the Riverside Arts Market to the indie films shown at the Sun Ray Cinema, culture thrives here. With warm temperatures throughout the year feel free to do yoga while paddleboarding on the Intracoastal, take in the sounds of nature at the Timucuan Preserve or lounge in the sand at the lively Jacksonville Beach.?It’s true that Jacksonville has 22 miles of beaches, the nation’s largest park system, world-class fishing, historic neighborhoods, eclectic museums, a vibrant street art scene, creative coastal cuisine and delicious craft beer, but your new home could too! There’s a place for you here. Education Required Doctorate of Medicine Education Preferred Doctorate of Medicine Experience Over 5 years Family Practice Experience Preferred License and Certification Basic Life Support (BLS) PreferredLicensed Physician RequiredDrug Enforcement Administration (DEA) License Required Location Baptist Primary Care various locations Jacksonville, FL, Location Overview Baptist Primary Care Baptist Health has the largest network of primary care providers in the Jacksonville area, with 45 offices throughout Northeast Florida and Southeast Georgia. The network has more than 130 physicians, including family physicians, pediatricians & internists. Baptist is repeatedly chosen as the area’s most preferred health care provider and has been chosen as one of the Best Places to Work in U.S. Healthcare by Modern Healthcare.