Title: Director, Finance
Experience Level: Director
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description For Director Role Chewy is looking for a Director of Finance in Plantation, FL or Bellevue, WA to own overall Finance support for Chewy’s expanding Marketing organization. Marketing is one of the primary growth engines of Chewy customers and topline revenue growth. In this position, you’ll own financial controllership and analysis on the $500M+ marketing budget spanning Lower Funnel (e.g. Paid Search, Affiliate, Direct Mail), Mid/Upper Funnel (Social, TV, Brand), CRM, and our Creative Studio. This role will directly support the Chief Brand Officer and the VP of Performance Marketing in defining goals, tracking performance metrics and Marketing ROI, and performing deep dive analyses on areas of opportunity to further improve customer acquisition, retention, and purchase frequency. You will partner with our science organization to understand customer Lifetime Value and determine the willingness to pay for different business outcomes. This is a role for someone who can simultaneously maintain excellence in operational mechanisms across a large Marketing organization while also thinking big about new channels to improve Marketing’s reach and efficiency. To be successful in this role, the ideal candidate must be able to earn trust across business, finance, and accounting partners using data to inform their recommendations and analyses. The candidate will be organized, detailed orientated, and an auditor of our operations through a financial lens. They will be an owner, raising their hand to investigate risks/opportunities especially when ownership is ambiguous or unclear as is often the case with new programs. The ideal candidate will have strong analytical and financial modeling skills in a big data environment, a drive to understand and inspect the granular operational metrics of the organization, and the ability to articulate their data driven POV on Marketing ROI to influence investment decisions. At Chewy, we're proud to be an award-winning, "Best Places to Work" kind of place — one with a relentless focus on connection, community, and a constant commitment to our mission. We work hard and have fun in an entrepreneurial and fast-paced environment dedicated to becoming the most trusted and convenient destination for pet parents and partners everywhere. What You'll Do Lead financial planning, reporting, and analysis for the overall Marketing organization.Own the annual and quarterly budget forecasts and Risk and Opportunity analysis for Chewy’s Marketing investmentOwn bottoms-up driver-based forecast models for New and Active Chewy CustomersPerform analyses on areas of opportunity to increase customer acquisition, retention, and reactivation as well as opportunities to expand average sales per customer.Partner with our Marketing Science organization to develop and maintain mechanisms to measure and provide visibility into the effectiveness, efficiency, and ROI of Marketing investment and related business output metricsParticipate heavily in the creation of Monthly and Quarterly Business reviews.Own our Weekly Business Reviews and curation of salient business KPIsDevelop and maintain month close processes and audit financial operations to improve accuracy and efficiency.Hold a relentlessly high bar for reporting accuracy, speed, and metrics governanceLead a team of financial managers and analysts What You'll Need BA/BS in Finance, Accounting, Economics, Engineering, or related field10+ years in finance related roles with progressively increasing levels of responsibility -OR master’s degree and 7 years of experienceHistory of using data and analytics to drive business decisionsExperience in budgeting forecasting, and variance analysis ideally in a marketing finance capacityStrong analytical, business acumen, and technical finance modeling skills using large data setsAdvanced knowledge of Excel and financial reporting softwareExcellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to communicate complex financial concepts concisely to stakeholders across job levels and functions including the CEO and Senior Leadership Team.Demonstrated ability to thrive in ambiguous, fast-paced entrepreneurial environments where decisions need to be made quickly with imperfect dataAbility to build collaborative relationships and trust with stakeholders within and outside your direct organization.Relentless curiosity and desire to learn and challenge yourself in functional areas you might not be familiar with. Bonus MBA or advanced business degreeExperience with SQL, Tableau, and HyperionFamiliarity with digital and traditional marketing channels and analysisFamiliarity with e-commerce, or other retail business models Compensation & Benefits Our salary range for a Director, FInance position is $180,500.00 - $288,500.00. The specific salary offered to a candidate may be influenced by a variety of factors including but not limited to the candidate’s relevant experience, education, and work location. In addition, this position is eligible for 401k and a new hire and annual equity grant. We offer different types of insurance, such as medical/Rx, vision, dental, life, disability, hospital indemnity, critical illness, and accident. We offer parental leave, family services benefits, backup dependent care, flexible spending accounts, telemedicine, pet adoption reimbursement, employee assistance program, and many discounts including 10% off pet insurance and 20% off at Chewy.com. Non-exempt hourly team members accrue paid time off (PTO) while salaried-exempt team members have unlimited PTO, subject to manager approval. Non-exempt hourly team members in Fulfillment Centers and Customer Service are also eligible for additional unplanned unpaid time off (UTO). Team members will receive six paid holidays per year. Team members may be eligible for paid sick and family leave in compliance with applicable state and local regulations. Chewy is committed to equal opportunity. We value and embrace diversity and inclusion of all Team Members. If you have a disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act or similar law, and you need an accommodation during the application process or to perform these job requirements, or if you need a religious accommodation, please contact CAAR@chewy.com. If you have a question regarding your application, please contact HR@chewy.com. To access Chewy's Customer Privacy Policy, please click here. To access Chewy's California CPRA Job Applicant Privacy Policy, please click here.