Title: Part Time Security Officer
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Part Time Security Officer - Hiring Immediately! **Entry-Level, No Experience Required! Weekly Pay and Benefits!** Location: Duluth, MN Rate: $19.00hour Available Schedules: Fri-Sun 11pm-7am (24 hours)Sat-Sun 7am-3pm & Mon 3pm-11pm (24 hours) At Securitas, we are leading the transformation of the security industry globally. With our business operations in 45 markets and capabilities we provide specialized guarding services and world class tech-enabled security to our prestigious clients. Our protective services, developed together with our clients, are designed to incorporate a high degree of technology content. The ideal candidate will be able to provide extraordinary customer service to our clients and their guests. Our elite team always creates a safe and secure environment by deterring, observing, and reporting. Help make the world a safer place, by providing innovative, high-quality, sustainable security, and peace of mind to our clients and their customers. Click The Link Below to Apply Online & Immediately Self-Schedule Your Interview Today!! https://ekaw.fa.us2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX= What We Offer: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, AD&D, & Disability Insurance, Plus 401K OptionsPaid Time OffWeekly PayEmployee Referral ProgramVirtual Medical Appointments with TelemedicineDiscounts On Childcare, Vehicles, Electronics, Cell Phone Plans, Travel & More!Free Uniforms & Paid Training Pet Daycare Discounts Employee Assistance Program & So Much More! Position Requirements: 18 years of age or older High School Diploma or GED Required Basic computer and technology skills neededMust be able to provide exceptional customer service to our clients and their guestsMust be responsible, accountable, objective, and have a strong work ethicMust have a strong grasp of appropriate and professional verbal / written communication All candidates must be able to pass a drug test and background check! Become A Securitas Security Services Team Member TODAY! See a different world. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabilities #AF-NCUMW About Us Securitas employees come from all walks of life, bringing with them a variety of distinctive skills and perspectives. United through our common purpose, we provide the security needed to safeguard our clients' assets and people. Our core values - Integrity, Vigilance and Helpfulness - are represented by the three red dots in the Securitas logo. If you live by these values, we're looking for you to join the Securitas team. About The Team Our Company Mission: Securitas' mission is to protect homes, workplaces, and communities by providing the security services they need to protect their assets, safeguard their people, and maintain their ability to generate profits. Our Values: Securitas' core values - Integrity, Vigilance and Helpfulness - are the foundation for our employees to build trust with customers, colleagues, and the surrounding community. Integrity: Securitas employees are honest and trusted by customers to safeguard their premises and valuables. We don't compromise on integrity and create an open forum for our employees and customers to voice opinions, report improprieties, and share information. Vigilance: Seeing, hearing, and evaluating. A Securitas employee is always attentive and often notices things that others don't. Their vigilance is necessary in order to be aware of potential risks or incidents that may take place on our customers' premises. Helpfulness: As part of an on-going effort to ensure safety, Securitas employees are always ready to help if an incident occurs that requires intervention regardless of whether or not it is directly related to their job.