Title: Retail Commission Sales Associate - Fine Jewelry, Biltmore Fashion Park - Full Time
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Are you ready to bring your amazing self to work? At Macy's, Inc., we're on a mission to create a brighter future with bold representation for all. This is our Mission Every One. We know that each person here is unique. So we respect and invest in each individual to create growth, pride and satisfaction. If we are able to bring our whole selves to work, it translates into a more abundant and wider array of ideas and energy for all to benefit from. Our success will be built on amazing colleagues, working together. Job Summary As a Fine Jewelry Sales colleague, you provide outstanding customer service in our Fine Jewelry and Watch Complex and create shopping experiences that make every customer feel welcomed and comfortable in the Jewelry and Watch Complex. This includes meeting sales goals, promoting our loyalty and warranty programs, and building relationships with customers through our clientele program. In this role, you will continually demonstrate superior product knowledge to educate and assist your customer in selecting and purchasing items that meet their tastes, preferences and budget. What We Can Offer You An inclusive, challenging, and refreshingly fun work environment Empowerment to perform impactful work with tangible results Coverage across medical, dental, vision, and retirement Employee Assistance Program (mental health and financial literacy resources) Fully-Funded education benefits may include 100% of tuition, books, and fees Merchandise discounts Colleague Resource Groups (CRGs), give-back/volunteer opportunities What You Will Do Engage with customers to understand their needs and demonstrate knowledge of products to build sales and minimize returnsOffer personalized recommendations and suggest complementary products to enhance the customer's shopping experienceSupport customers who are using devices to shop and compareAssist customers in trying on various watch models, adjusting straps or bands to achieve a comfortable fitParticipate in ongoing product knowledge training through both technology and vendor partnersUse point of sale technology and applications to assist in selling and fulfilling of customer ordersParticipate in pre-selling and sales-driving events, including trunk showsPerform all aspects of the fulfillment process, including picking, packing, labeling, shipping and Buy online, Pickup in Stores (BOPS)Ensure proper processing, presentation, organization, storing and replenishment of stockAdhere to asset protection programs and procedures to ensure audit compliance Who You Are Focused on upholding Macy’s dedication to fulfilling ideals of diversity, inclusion and respect that our company aspires to achieve, every day in every store and office, with every customer and associateFlexible availability, including days, evenings, weekends and holidaysStrong interpersonal skills with the ability to share information with diverse groups of customers and colleaguesResourceful and able to adapt quickly to changing priorities1-2 years of related experience required Essential Physical Requirements Maintaining a stationary position, walking and reaching with hands and armsReaching, including above eye level, crouching, kneeling, stooping and color vision Frequent use of computers, handheld electronic equipment and cash registersRequires close vision, color vision and ability to adjust focusLifting and moving items weighing up to 25 lbs. About Macy's Now is an exciting time for a Macy's career as we continue to focus on creating exciting and memorable experiences for every Macy's customer, whether their journey starts online or in the store. Our opportunities in Sales, Merchandise, Operations, Customer Service, Warehouse, Marketing and other areas let you express your creativity and commitment to excellence, grow your career and make a difference to your Macy's colleagues and customers. Bring your creativity, energy and ideas to the Macy's team– Apply Today! This job description is not all-inclusive and may not apply to colleagues covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Macy's Inc. reserves the right to amend this job description at any time. Macy's Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. STORES00 This position may be eligible for performance-based incentives/bonuses. Benefits include 401k, medical/vision/dental/life/disability insurance options, PTO accruals, Holidays, and more. Eligibility requirements may apply based on location, job level, classification, and length of employment. Additional benefit details are available at macysJOBS.com.