Title: Grants Coordinator (136845)
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Contract
Description: Our client who is well known in the non-profit space is seeking a Grants Coordinator to join their team. Salary/Hourly Rate $25/hr Position Overview Our client is currently seeking a highly skilled and passionate Grants Coordinator to join the Administrative team. The Grant Coordinator will research and identify appropriate grant opportunities in line with our school’s mission and needs. They will collaborate with school leadership and educational staff to understand current programs and future needs. This role is fully onsite Monday through Friday 9 am – 5 pm. Responsibilities Of The Grants Coordinator Prepare and submit detailed grant applications, ensuring they adhere to stringent grant specifications and guidelines. Manage all grant requirements and deadlines, maintaining thorough records of all pertinent information. Monitor grant-funded programs for compliance with the funding source’s specifications and terms. Maintain open communication with grantors to provide progress reports and updates. Work in collaboration with the Finance team to manage budgets and expense reports associated with grants. Qualifications Of The Grants Coordinator Minimum of three years of experience writing, securing, and managing grants, preferably in the education sector. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Proficient in project management software and databases. Exceptional organizational skills with the ability to multitask and manage time effectively. Knowledge of the principles and practices of budgeting, forecasting, and planning. Familiarity with federal, state, and local grant funding sources and strategies. Education Requirements Associate’s degree is required Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Finance, or a related field is preferred. Benefits Atrium Care Package available, upon eligibility (including healthcare plans, discount programs, and paid time off). As a woman-owned firm, we value diversity. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and will consider all applications without regard to race, sex (including gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation and gender identity), age, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, veteran status, disability (physical or mental), genetic information, citizenship or any other characteristic protected by law. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Candidates who apply for roles through the Atrium website will be added to our candidate pool and may be considered for additional roles of a similar title. Please contact us to request an accommodation. EOE/M/F/D/V/SO Position ID: 136845