Title: Director, Technical Program Management - Card Data Tech
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Center 1 (19052), United States of America, McLean, VirginiaDirector, Technical Program Management - Card Data Tech About Capital One: At Capital One, we’re changing banking for good. We were founded on the belief that no one should be locked out of the financial system. We’re dedicated to helping foster a world where everyone has an equal opportunity to prosper. We’re a bank, but we don’t think like one. We’re always thinking about what’s next, about how we can innovate and inspire, and about how we can develop the tools our customers need to improve their financial lives - by leveraging best in class technology. That’s where you come in. About the team: Card Data is considered a beacon of excellence in all things Data. We build and deliver strategic data related technology solutions that are leveraged by the rest of Card Tech. As a Director of Technical Program Management (TPM) in Capital One’s Card Data Tech organization, you’ll spearhead strategic initiatives to enhance various aspects of our data ecosystem including data transformations and governance, drive innovation, and optimize operational efficiencies. Your role entails overseeing complex technical projects, aligning cross-functional teams, and ensuring the successful delivery of data-driven solutions. You’ll collaborate closely with senior leadership, leverage your expertise in program management and technical acumen to drive transformative initiatives that propel Capital One’s data capabilities forward. Expect to lead high-impact projects, foster a culture of continuous improvement, and play a pivotal role in shaping the future of data management within the organization. Our group’s mission is to deliver world class data experiences that customers trust and associates love to use. In addition to the technical program, you will also work to pave the way for an expanding TPM discipline within the team, by leveraging your industry knowledge and experience to teach the organization what a great TPM can achieve. Our TPM Directors have: Strong technical backgrounds (ideally building highly scalable platforms, products, or services) with the ability to proactively identify and mitigate technical risks throughout delivery life-cycle Exceptional communication and collaboration skills Excellent problem solving and influencing skills A quantitative approach to problem solving and a collaborative implementer to holistic solutions; a systems thinker Experience as a TPM leader to grow and develop a team of TPMs, while also building the foundations for the TPM practice Ability to simplify the technically complex and drive well-educated decisions across product, engineering, design, and data science representatives Deep focus on execution, follow-through, accountability, and results Exceptional cross-team collaboration; able to work across different functions, organizations, and reporting boundaries to get the job done. Highly tuned emotional intelligence, good listener, and deep seated empathy for teams and partners Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree At least 7 years of experience managing technical programs Preferred Qualifications: 7+ years of experience designing and building data-intensive solutions using distributed computing 3+ years of experience in building distributed systems & highly available services using cloud computing services / architecture - preferably using AWS 3+ years experience building highly scalable mobile products & platforms 3+ years of experience with Agile delivery 3+ years years experience delivering large and complex programs - where you own the business or technical vision, collaborate with large cross-functional teams, secure commitments on deliverables and unblock teams to land business impact Experience in building systems & solutions within a highly regulated environment Bachelor's degree in a related technical field (Computer Science, Software Engineering) MBA or Master’s Degree in a related technical field (Computer Science, Software Engineering) or equivalent experience At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position. The minimum and maximum full-time annual salaries for this role are listed below, by location. Please note that this salary information is solely for candidates hired to perform work within one of these locations, and refers to the amount Capital One is willing to pay at the time of this posting. Salaries for part-time roles will be prorated based upon the agreed upon number of hours to be regularly worked. New York City (Hybrid On-Site): $233,100 - $266,000 for Director, Technical Program Management Candidates hired to work in other locations will be subject to the pay range associated with that location, and the actual annualized salary amount offered to any candidate at the time of hire will be reflected solely in the candidate’s offer letter. This role is also eligible to earn performance based incentive compensation, which may include cash bonus(es) and/or long term incentives (LTI). Incentives could be discretionary or non discretionary depending on the plan. Capital One offers a comprehensive, competitive, and inclusive set of health, financial and other benefits that support your total well-being. Learn more at the Capital One Careers website . Eligibility varies based on full or part-time status, exempt or non-exempt status, and management level. This role is expected to accept applications for a minimum of 5 business days.No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender reassignment, citizenship, immigration status, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited under applicable federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com . All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site. Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).