Title: Civil Engineer
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: In 2023, we changed our name from Anderson Engineering, Inc. to OWN, Inc. to be more reflective of our team and the mindset that makes us go. While the name may be new, the links to the past have led us to what we are today: a community of talented employee-owners driven by mutual success. OWN, Inc. is an engineering firm that believes in the power of employee-ownership. Our talented team builds futures while helping shape the built environment across the country from our offices in Missouri, Kansas, Arkansas, and Florida. We serve the Private Development and Public Infrastructure markets with core offerings of Civil Engineering, Structural Engineering, Land Surveying, and Field Services. No matter the project or scope, our clients enjoy problem-solving and service that goes beyond the expected. We are looking for a Civil Engineer to join our Overland Park, Kansas team. Responsibilities May Include Collaborating with project teams to plan and design civil engineering projects.Conducting calculations to ensure accurate and efficient project designs.Preparing comprehensive construction documents, including drawings, specifications, and technical reports.Estimating quantities and construction costs to facilitate budgeting and project planning.Providing construction phase services, overseeing project progress, and addressing any on-site issues that arise.Generating detailed reports and conducting studies to assess project feasibility, environmental impacts, and compliance with regulations.Managing the preparation and submission of permit applications, ensuring compliance with relevant codes and regulations. Qualifications B.S. In Civil Engineering from ABET accredited programPassed the Fundamentals of Engineering Exam2+ years of experience in civil engineering and design When you join us, you can find your OWN way through: Community. Giving of time, treasures, and talents to fulfill personal passions and show up in your community. Empowerment. Our employees are given full reign and the trust to make decisions in the best interest of their clients and teams. Flexibility. The freedom to be a professional. The freedom to be a person. ESOP. Our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) is owned 100% by employees – equitably, a fact most employee-owned firms can’t claim. Having fun. Laughing, jokes, high fives, celebrations – we take our work seriously but not ourselves. Teamwork. A sense of belonging, learning from those around you, and feeling like you’re on the winning team. It is the policy of OWN, Inc. to provide equal employment opportunities to all persons without regard to their race, age, color, physical handicap or disability, military service record, religion, sex, national origin or any other categorization protected by law, and to promote the full realization of equal employment opportunity through a positive continuing program