Title: Staff Nurse-Emerg Svcs,Adults
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: About NYC Health + Hospitals NYC Health + Hospitals/Bellevue is America’s oldest public hospital, established in 1736. Affiliated with the NYU School of Medicine, the 844-bed hospital is a major referral center for highly complex cases, with its 6,000 employees including highly skilled, interdisciplinary clinical staff. It sees more than 110,000 emergency room visits and 500,000 outpatient visits annually. Bellevue is an academic medical institution of international renown. We have served as an incubator for major innovations in public health, medical science, and medical education. Bellevue is a Level I Trauma Center delivering around-the-clock care in adult, pediatric, psychiatric and pediatric psychiatric emergencies as well as in the nationally-designated categories of cardiology, neurology, toxicology, and neonatology. In addition to providing comprehensive inpatient and outpatient state-of-the-art care Bellevue is a city-wide medical specialty referral source. Bellevue’s clinical centers of excellence include: Emergency Medicine and Trauma Care; Cardiovascular Services; Designated Regional Perinatal Center and Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (ICU); Comprehensive Children’s Psychiatric Emergency Program; and Cancer Services. At NYC Health + Hospitals, our mission is to deliver high quality care health services, without exception. Every employee takes a person-centered approach that exemplifies the ICARE values (Integrity, Compassion, Accountability, Respect, and Excellence) through empathic communication and partnerships between all persons. Job Description Purpose of Position: The Staff Nurse is a Nursing Practitioner who contributes to the development, implementation and evaluation of the nursing regimen for assigned patients on his/her unit. Under the direction and leadership of the Head Nurse, the Staff Nurse is guided by a thorough knowledge of nursing theory, principles and standards of quality nursing care. Responsibilities Provide care to assigned patients through assessment of patient needs, developing and implementing an interdisciplinary plan of care, which reflects an individualized mode of nursing and medical intervention so that the appropriate outcome can be achieved in a timely manner. Provides care to assigned patients through assessment of patients’ needs, making nursing diagnosis, developing and implementing a plan of care, which reflects an individualized mode of nursing intervention based on specific population guidelines. Initiates a Nursing Assessment and interdisciplinary treatment discharge plan upon admission; which reflect patient teaching and discharge plan according to established guidelines. Initiates a Nursing Assessment and Nursing Care Plan upon admission reflecting long and short-term goals, patient and/or significant other education and a discharge plan. Execute physician orders concerning medication and therapy and evaluates patient response with a clear understanding or the scientific principles of cause and effect. Records pertinent observations on patient chart and reports findings to Head Nurse and/or physician. Evaluates the results of nursing intervention and makes appropriate changes when necessary. Able to monitor suicidal patients and document observations as per hospital policy. Administer medications and treatments in safe knowledgeable manner and document same according to hospital policy. Prepare for assist with diagnostic procedures and treatment. Records pertinent observations on patient chart and reports verbally findings to the appropriate multidisciplinary team member using an approved hand off tool. Demonstrates proficiency in insertion of peripheral cannulation, and administration of nebulizer and/or metered dose inhalation therapy. Conducts risk assessments to reduce adverse effects. Communicates with Head Nurse or designee problems or issues affecting optimal patient care. Participates in PI monitoring activities. Accompany patients to MRI on Ambulette/Ambulance when necessary Collaborates with the Head Nurse/Assistant Director of Nursing in assigning functions to ancillary personnel. Counts narcotics with in-coming and out-going tour nurses according to hospital policy/procedures. Accountable for the care activities, safety, and goal achievements of assigned patients through assessing, diagnosing, planning and interviewing in actual or potential health problems, and evaluating patient's response to care provided. Establishes accountability for the care of the panel (assignments) of patient/families from admission until discharge. Reviews individual patient's and/or family's plan of care in conjunction with the information provided by the departing nurse, makes revisions if necessary, and established priorities of care. Completes assessment of the patient/family upon admission Performs his/her tasks competently in crisis/drills. Other tasks as assigned by Head Nurse or designee. Clinical experience of at least one year - New graduates with either paramedic experience or part of a nursing internship Minimum Qualifications A valid New York State license and current registration to practice as a Registered Professional Nurse in New York State; and Holds, or obtains through facility orientation, a valid and current certification in Basic Life Support (BLS) through the American Heart Association (AHA). Special Note For assignments in Post-Acute Care ONLY, individuals meeting the following criteria may also be considered for appointment: Graduation from a nursing education program registered by the New York State Education Department (NYSED) as licensure qualifying for Registered Professional Nurse (RN) and has applied for licensure as an RN. These unlicensed individuals may be employed to practice under the immediate and personal supervision of a NYS licensed, currently registered, RN for up to 90 days immediately following graduation pending receipt of a limited permit, which selected candidates must apply for and receive within the same 90-day period. Once a limited permit is received, individuals can practice nursing, under the immediate and personal supervision of a NYS licensed, currently registered, RN at a NYC Health + Hospitals health care setting for up to one (1) year from the date of issuance of the limited permit. In addition, must hold or obtain through facility orientation, a valid and current certification in Basic Life Support (BLS) through the American Heart Association (AHA). How To Apply If you wish to apply for this position, please apply online by clicking the "Apply Now" button. NYC Health and Hospitals offers a competitive benefits package that includes: Comprehensive Health Benefits for employees hired to work 20+ hrs. per week Retirement Savings and Pension Plans Loan Forgiveness Programs for eligible employees Paid Holidays and Vacation in accordance with employees' Collectively bargained contracts College tuition discounts and professional development opportunities Multiple employee discounts programs