Title: Prestige Beauty Advisor
Work Type: Full-time
Description: We consider applications for this position on an ongoing basis. Overview Experience a place of energy, passion, and excitement. A place where the joy of discovery and uncommon artistry blend to create exhilarating buying experiences—for true beauty enthusiasts. At Ulta Beauty, we’re transforming the world one shade, one lash, one cut at a time. Because beauty is powerful. If you seek greater purpose—a place of vision, mission, and lived values—where voices are heard, contributions valued and recognized and growth opportunities abound, consider Ulta Beauty. Nowhere else are the possibilities quite this beautiful. THE IMPACT YOU CAN HAVE: As a Prestige Beauty Advisor at Ulta Beauty, you will have the opportunity to help our guests discover the truest expressions of their personal beauty. You will assist and consult. Explore and discover. And journey alongside our guests in ways that elevate the Ulta Beauty brand through shopping experiences that surprise and delight. As the face of our prestige line of products, you will maximize sales and create raving fans who can’t help but come back for more. If all of this sounds interesting, you’ll be tasked with accomplishing these goals by: Greeting all guests with friendly, prompt and courteous serviceInforming guests of current promotions, events and services within the store, promoting the Ulta Beauty loyalty and guest service programs Meeting/exceeding individual sales and productivity goalsPresenting an image at all times that reflects the knowledge of the prestige cosmetic lines Performing makeup applications, skincare analysis and product demonstrations Booking appointments for scheduled special events Ensuring all testers within the prestige area are continuously in stock and maintained in compliance with hygiene standards Ensuring stock is always kept full within the prestige categories Ensuring all resets and planograms are correctly executed and maintained Ensuring makeover stations adhere to all company standards Executing and maintaining visual merchandising standardsMaintaining standards of cleanliness and organization within the prestige area and Ulta Beauty color library THE ESSENTIALS FOR SUCCESS: Education High school diploma is preferredA Demonstrator’s license is required in Nevada Experience 1 year of relevant work experience or equivalent combination of education and relevant work experience preferred Skills Ability to build and maintain strong guest relationships Proven ability to drive sales, products and servicesStrong leadership and troubleshooting skillsThe ability to work well independently and as part of a team Essential Functions: On a regular basis, requires the ability to stand, bend and lift 50 pounds of merchandise for a full-scheduled shift Sales Associate, Cashier, Inventory Associate, Customer Service Representative, Clerk, Warehouse Clerk, Visual Merchandiser, Cashier, Customer Service Assistant, Customer Service, Product Demonstrator, Sales Associate, Stock Associate, Stocker, Merchandise Associate, Merchandising Associate, Stock Clerk About At Ulta Beauty (NASDAQ: ULTA), the possibilities are beautiful. Ulta Beauty is the largest North American beauty retailer and the premier beauty destination for cosmetics, fragrance, skin care products, hair care products and salon services. We bring possibilities to life through the power of beauty each and every day in our stores and online with more than 25,000 products from approximately 500 well-established and emerging beauty brands across all categories and price points, including Ulta Beauty’s own private label. Ulta Beauty also offers a full-service salon in every store featuring—hair, skin, brow, and make-up services. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with arrest records, conviction records, or other criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of any applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, and the New York City Fair Chance Act.