Title: Project Manager
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Amex GBT is a place where colleagues find inspiration in travel as a force for good and – through their work – can make an impact on our industry. We’re here to help our colleagues achieve success and offer an inclusive and collaborative culture where your voice is valued. Ready to explore a career path? Start your journey. What You Will Do: Lead cross-functional projects across multiple global business units. Lead the operational planning and design for the implementation of prioritized workstreams.Apply a consultative approach to assist with functional & technical workstreams.Comprehend overall project scope and dependencies and how individual project actions or deliverables align to them.Define project success criteria and disseminate them to involved parties throughout the project life cycle.Accountable for delivering on team goals and deliverables.Effectively communicate project updates to all levels of organization in a manner appropriate to the targeted audience, from individual contributor team member to executive team.Implement standard methodology project management capabilities aligning to GBT PMO standards.Effectively facilitate cross-functional, and business process discussions in a productive manner while not necessarily being the Subject Matter Expert.Prepare steering committee and executive-level materials and present to executives, vendors, and customers.Handle and establish relationships with key decision makers from project inception to post-deployment while simultaneously ensuring sponsor and end-user happiness.Cultivate a collaborative approach while problem solving in a group setting with the project team.Proactively identify and resolve issues and conflicts within the project team.Plan and schedule project timelines and achievements using appropriate project portfolio management software, proactively identifying, and managing project dependencies and critical path across multiple work stream to deliver encouraged results.Proactively identify and manage project risks and issues throughout the lifecycle of a project.Estimate the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals and work with other department managers to acquire commitments on assignments.Anticipate and respond to project adjustments and alterations promptly and efficiently. What We're Looking For: 7+ years’ hands-on experience leading sophisticated program/projects is required. This includes project planning, project controls/monitoring, budget management, setting and managing customer expectations.In depth knowledge of global cross functional environments.Proficiency in project management software such as MS Project and Smartsheet as well as MS Office applications for reports, analysis, and presentations is required.Ability to lead multiple project teams and projects simultaneously.Excellent social skills with the ability to influence and establish positive working relationships across all levels throughout the organization.Meticulous with a proven history as a self-starter who can work independently with minimal supervision.Excellent problem-solving, analytical, and critical thinking skills to effectively respond to shifting priorities, demands and timelines.Experience in leading people in all aspects of their professional development such as leadership, methodology, tools, people skills and navigating politics.Demonstrated track record of consistently encouraging a culture of partnership, collaboration, continuous improvement, and project delivery excellence. Location United States - Virtual Location The US national annual base salary range for this position is from $70,000 to $140,000. The national range provided includes the base salary that GBT expects to pay for the role. Actual base salary will be based on factors including the scope and complexity of the role and the successful candidate’s relevant experience, skills, knowledge, and work location. In addition to base salary, this role is eligible for our Annual Incentive Award plan, which rewards participants based on company and individual performance. For information about our comprehensive US benefits programs and eligibility, please review our Benefits-at-a-Glance document. Benefits at a glance The #TeamGBT Experience Work and life: Find your happy medium at Amex GBT. Flexible benefits are tailored to each country and start the day you do. These include health and welfare insurance plans, retirement programs, parental leave, adoption assistance, and more.Travel perks: get a choice of deals each week from major travel providers on everything from flights to hotels to cruises and car rentals.Develop the skills you want when the time is right for you, with global tuition assistance, access to over 20,000 courses on our learning platform, leadership courses, and new job openings available to internal candidates first.We strive to champion Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in every aspect of our business at GBT. You can connect with colleagues through our global Inclusion Groups, centered around common identities or initiatives, to discuss challenges, obstacles, achievements, and drive company awareness and action.Wellbeing resources to support mental and emotional health for you and your immediate family.And much more! All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to age, gender identity (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, race, color, religion, creed, national origin, disability, veteran status, citizenship or marital status. It is our policy to maintain an equal-opportunity environment free from intimidation, harassment or bias for our candidates, colleagues, clients and suppliers. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. Please, let your recruiter know if you need an accommodation at any point during the hiring process. For more details, please consult GBT Recruitment Privacy Statement. What if I don’t meet every requirement? If you’re passionate about our mission and believe you’d be a phenomenal addition to our team, don’t worry about “checking every box;" please apply anyway. You may be exactly the person we’re looking for!