Title: Travel - MS/Tele - Nurse Job - $2,378/wk - $2,567/wk
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Contract
Description: Aya Healthcare has an immediate opening for the following position: MS/Tele Registered Nurse in Bradford, MA. We’ll work with you to build the healthcare career of your dreams. Whether you want a job close to home or across the country, we’ve got you. Job Details Pay: $2,378/week - $2,567/weekAssignment Length: 13-week assignmentShift: 5, 8-Hour 15:00 - 23:00At least one year of experience required Aya delivers: The most jobs in the industry. We have the largest and most reliable job database, which means the jobs you see are open, updated in real time and ready for you!Competitive advantage over other agencies. Front-of-the-line access through our direct facility relationships — many with quick (even same-day) offers, giving you the best chance of securing your ideal opportunity.Expedited licensing and streamlined compliance. An industry-leading on-time start rate and strong relationships with boards of nursing across the country to accelerate the process in all 50 states.Expert career guidance. A dedicated recruiter to help you achieve your dream career. Travel, per diem, permanent — we have the reach and access to get you the jobs you want, and the expertise to help you realize your long-term goals.A best-in-class support system and an exceptional experience. Enjoy accurate, weekly pay, and an entire team dedicated to your happiness on assignment, 24/7. Plus, you get everything you expect from the largest healthcare staffing company in the industry: Exceptional benefits, including premium medical, dental, vision and life insurance beginning day one of your assignment. Want to take time off? Keep insurance coverage for up to 24 days between assignments.A generous 401(k) match.Paid company housing (we’ll help you bring your pets along, too!) or a generous housing stipend.Paid sick time in accordance with all applicable state, federal, and local laws. Aya’s general sick leave policy is that employees accrue one hour of paid sick leave for every 30 hours worked. However, to the extent any provisions of the statement above conflict with any applicable paid sick leave laws, the applicable paid sick leave laws are controlling.The industry’s only clinical ladder program for RNs on assignment.Access to unlimited continuing education units online.Licensure, relocation and other reimbursements, when applicable.Pay listed above includes taxable wages and tax-free expense reimbursements. Aya is an Equal Employment Opportunity ("EEO") Employer and welcomes all to apply.