Title: Mechanical Process Designer - Page/IMES
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Overview Page is seeking a Senior Process Designer for our Austin, Texas location. The ideal canidate will perform design and construction administration activities as part of a team of engineers and designers at our fast-paced office. Responsibilities Manage assigned scope of work within project timelines and produce design documentation deliverables to meet project requirements. Collect and review project requirements, design documentation, engineering requirements and construction specifications to develop designs from concept through final construction documents. Collaborate with internal and external engineering teams through all phases of design development and construction administration. Develop PIDs from engineer-provided block flow diagrams or conceptual sketch. Develop process piping and mechanical designs from concept through construction including developing equipment layouts for process and mechanical facility systems; Create equipment and piping designs in 2D and 3D environments from PIDs. Design in both 2D and 3D software environments to produce including equipment arrangement, pipe routing, sections, and detail designs documentation.; Generate/populate component lists with required data; Check and correct drawings and associated project paperwork as required; Work closely with project team to ensure that the drawings convey the correct information and are accurate; Occasional domestic travel. Direct the work of less experienced designers. Qualifications Minimum of 10 years of combined experience in piping fabrication and/or design for process or mechanical systems in semiconductor, oil and gas, petrochemical, or pharmaceutical industries. Experience in gas and chemical systems, mechanical piping layout and design, process piping, process exhaust, space management, plumbing and fire protection, and HVACand ductwork layout and design; Experience with 2D and 3D platforms: REVIT, Plant 3d, Autocad, and NaviswWorks, and Microstation; Experience with advanced BIM functionality (i.e. point cloud workflow, pipe-stress modeling) preferred. Must be have strong communication and organization skills.; Some field experience as a pipefitter or construction detailer would be preferred.