Title: Sr Counsel II
Work Type: Full-time
Description: For Current Gilead Employees And Contractors: Please log onto your Internal Career Site to apply for this job. At Gilead, we’re creating a healthier world for all people. For more than 35 years, we’ve tackled diseases such as HIV, viral hepatitis, COVID-19 and cancer – working relentlessly to develop therapies that help improve lives and to ensure access to these therapies across the globe. We continue to fight against the world’s biggest health challenges, and our mission requires collaboration, determination and a relentless drive to make a difference. We empower our leaders to step up, share ideas, listen, learn, and lead. We’re welcoming bright, diverse, and imaginative minds; we’re nurturing them to foster an environment of inclusion and growth where innovation is encouraged. We expect our people leaders to model that environment, and to focus on creating inclusion, developing talent, and enabling teams. Every member of Gilead’s team plays a critical role in the discovery and development of life-changing scientific innovations. Our employees are our greatest asset as we work to achieve our bold ambitions, and we’re looking for the next wave of passionate and ambitious people ready to make a direct impact. Join Gilead and help create possible, together. Job Description Kite, a Gilead Company, is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel cancer immunotherapy products designed to harness the power of a patient’s own immune system to selectively target and kill cancer cells. Everyone at Kite is grounded by one common goal – curing cancer. Every single day, we seek to establish a direct line between that purpose and our day-to-day work. Join us in this mission! We are seeking a Senior Counsel II to join our team. This individual will report directly to the Head of Technical Operation, Research, and Clinical Legal and serve as the main legal advisor to assigned projects as well as business partners. The preferred location is in Santa Monica, CA; we will consider remote opportunities for the right candidate. Main Responsibilities Draft, structure, and negotiate agreements for Technical Operation, Research, and Clinical functions, including CDAs, MTAs, clinical agreements, consulting agreements, services agreements, vendor agreements, evaluation agreements, licenses, and collaboration agreements.Counsel clients on various legal projects, including reviewing contracts, identifying issues and liability, protecting company’s assets and intellectual properties, interpreting relevant laws and regulations, and discussing questions or suggestions with clients or other attorneys.Advise Technical Operation, Research, and Clinical clients on legal issues arising from interactions and licenses with external parties.Facilitate the evaluation, selection, negotiation, and management of third-party vendors in support of business relationship.Review proposed publications, press releases, and external disclosures.Prepare clear, concise, and complete legal documents, opinions, reports, correspondence, and other communications.Develop materials for internal practices and trainings; implement and meet with business to roll-out new processes and procedures.Liaise and partner with clients, internal global legal members, and cross-functional business teams.Develop and maintain a detailed understanding of assigned projects; make preliminary recommendation to management.Presents on legal issues, case law, and relevant regulations. Qualifications A Juris Doctorate and admission before a state bar or fully qualified legal credentials in geography of operations.Minimum 10 years of industry and/or law firm experience providing legal counsel relating to devices, pharmaceutical, or therapeutic products.A Bachelor or advance degree in biological sciences or related areas.Must have knowledge of laws and regulations governing pharmaceutical industry, intellectual property, privacy, manufacturing, regulatory, clinical studies, and understanding of contract provisions.Must have extensive business judgment, analytical and problem-solving skills.Must be responsible, self-motivated, set appropriate priorities, and deliver results timely.Must have strong client service orientation.Must have excellent written and verbal communications skills.Must be able to identify issues and seek solutions to quickly advance project priority.Must be able to work both independently and collaboratively in a dynamic fast-paced environment. The salary range for this position is: $216,070.00 - $279,620.00. Gilead considers a variety of factors when determining base compensation, including experience, qualifications, and geographic location. These considerations mean actual compensation will vary. This position may also be eligible for a discretionary annual bonus, discretionary stock-based long-term incentives (eligibility may vary based on role), paid time off, and a benefits package. Benefits include company-sponsored medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans*. For Additional Benefits Information, Visit: https://www.gilead.com/careers/compensation-benefits-and-wellbeing Eligible employees may participate in benefit plans, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plans. For Jobs In The United States: As an equal opportunity employer, Gilead Sciences Inc. is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants who require accommodation in the job application process may contact ApplicantAccommodations@gilead.com for assistance. For more information about equal employment opportunity protections, please view the 'Know Your Rights' poster. NOTICE: EMPLOYEE POLYGRAPH PROTECTION ACT YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT PAY TRANSPARENCY NONDISCRIMINATION PROVISION Our environment respects individual differences and recognizes each employee as an integral member of our company. Our workforce reflects these values and celebrates the individuals who make up our growing team. Gilead provides a work environment free of harassment and prohibited conduct. We promote and support individual differences and diversity of thoughts and opinion. For Current Gilead Employees And Contractors: Please log onto your Internal Career Site to apply for this job.