Title: Onsite Medical Representative
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description The Amazon Workplace Health & Safety (WHS) team is deeply committed to the safety and wellbeing of our people. WHS sets the strategic direction to provide resources, best practices, and safe environments to proactively manage the health and wellbeing of our workforce. To support these goals, Amazon is seeking an experienced and dynamic Onsite Medical Representative (OMR) to join our team. In this position, you will work closely with the WHS Site Manager, WHS Specialist, and occasionally the Injury Prevention Specialist (IPS). This includes attending weekly associate safety committee meetings, greeting all new hires for the site or through daily one-on-one interaction. Additionally, the OMR will participate in weekly case management review meetings as necessary. As an OMR, you will independently assess and administer first aid as well as offer guidance to Amazon Associates (AAs) on both occupational and non-occupational injuries or illnesses. You should be passionate about learning and advocating health and wellness principles to consistently support AAs on a daily basis. You will refer care to outside medical providers as needed, and learn about OSHA regulations, risk, and analysis. The OMR will function as a part of the larger team onsite, assisting with all first aid needs and support safety operations as needed. Responsibilities Include But Are Not Limited To Provide first aid support and make referrals to outside medical providers as necessary. Minimize the AA risk of injury through awareness, education, and proactive engagement. Maintain all records of care provided to AAs. Coordinate and maintain the workers’ compensation and return to work programs for AAs with work-related injuries. Provide daily activity logs and end of shift reports. Engage with AAs and leadership on operations floor to provide coaching regarding observed at-risk work habits. Maintain a clean working environment and ensure appropriate medical supply inventory is maintained. Participate in training and certification to facilitate first aid, CPR and AED certifications classes. Maintain all first aid, CPR, AED credentials. Work flexible shifts which could include days, nights, holidays, and/or weekends. Assist with random saliva drug testing protocols. Maintain effective care delivery in emergencies and assist emergency response at the site. For those that do not have an adult First Aid, CPR, AED certification from the American Heart Association or American Red Cross, must obtain within 3 weeks of start date. We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: Fort Worth, TX, USA Basic Qualifications High school or equivalent diploma Current valid Basic Life Support (BLS) certification by an approved emergency cardiac care (ECC) provider; AND must have one of the following: Current valid Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) OR Paramedic Certification from the Department of Health OR the National Registry of Emergency Medical Technicians (NREMT); OR In the last year, six months job experience in the Military as a Combat Medic (U.S. Army), Field Medic (U.S. Army), Healthcare Specialist (U.S. Army), Hospital Corpsman (U.S. Navy), or Aerospace Medical Service Technician (U.S. Air Force); OR Current active Athletic Trainer Certification, by either the Board of Certification (BOC) or equivalent State Certification. Preferred Qualifications Certified to teach first aid, CPR, and AED training from American Heart Association or American Red Cross Proficient in Microsoft Office Experience with an industrial wellness program Experience managing musculoskeletal disorders, ergonomics, and coaching on body mechanics Demonstrated work experience with OSHA regulations and Workers Compensation Proficient in digital recordkeeping Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Company - Amazon.com Services LLC Job ID: A2615725