Title: Team Lead, Petsense
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Temporary
Description: Overall Job Summary This position is responsible for assisting the Store Manager and Assistant Store Manager with the execution of operational, sales, and merchandising objectives by providing outstanding customer service. This position is also responsible for promoting a safe and productive work environment for all Team Members, customers, and vendors, as well as training Team Members on the appropriate application of policies and procedures. Essential Duties and Responsibilities (Min 5%) It is essential that you be available, flexible, adaptable, and service-oriented, as you must be able to fulfill all of the following requirements: Maintain regular and predictable attendance. Work scheduled shifts and have the ability to work varied hours, days, nights, weekends and overtime as dictated by business needs. Uphold and promote a safe and productive work environment by following and enforcing policies and procedures. Take the initiative to support selling initiatives (TEAM):Thank the CustomerEngage with the customer and/or petAdvise products or servicesMake it Memorable This position is required to perform a combination of the following duties during 95 percent of their day. Although the mix may vary from one day to another, our business and staffing model makes it essential that every person in this position be able to perform all of the following duties accurately, efficiently and safely on a regular basis and without advance notice: Execute assigned basic, promotional, and seasonal merchandising activities. Perform Opening/Closing procedures. Transport and make deposits to bank. Assess store conditions and assign duties. Organize and prioritize workflow through the use of the daily planner. Recovery of merchandise. Participate in mandatory freight process. Perform regular and promotional price change activities. Resolve customer complaints/issues and ensure the customer has a positive experience. Adhere to loss prevention standards and respond to any alarm calls as needed. Communicate with Team Members on job functions, responsibilities and financial goals. Operate cash register/computer supervising cash handling procedures. Assist Team Members on appropriate application of policies and procedures. Ensure the safety and well-being of live animals. Sanitize and maintain holding tanks and care for live animals as requiredComplete all documentation associated with any of the above job duties Required Qualifications May be required to perform other duties as assigned. Experience: Retail experience and/or pet/live animal knowledge is strongly preferred. Supervisory experience preferred. Must be at least 18 years of age and possess a valid driver’s license. Education: A high school diploma or equivalent is preferred, but not required. Regardless of education level, Team Members must be able to read, write and count accurately. Preferred Knowledge, Skills Or Abilities Pet/Live Animal, pet food, pet product knowledge is strongly preferred. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to resolve issues ethically and with minimal conflict. Basic computer skills. Ability to perform and execute principle responsibilities of Team Members. Working Conditions Working environment is favorable, generally working inside with moderate noise. Indoor floors and outdoor lots generally are hard surfaces (concrete, asphalt, etc.) lighting and temperature are adequate. Work shifts vary from one store to another, but generally are no less than 4 hours and may exceed 8 hoursPromote a safe and productive work environment for Team Members and customers and adhere to Company safety training and guidelines Physical Requirements This position is non-sedentary. It is essential that Team Members have the physical and mental stamina and ability to move throughout the store and outdoor areas quickly and safely. It is essential to operate all equipment related to their job duties efficiently, safely, properly and accurately; and to provide the highest level of customer service. Team members must have the physical and mental ability to perform all of the following tasks (with or without reasonable accommodation):Ability to occasionally lift or reach merchandise overhead. Ability to frequently stand, kneel, twist, crouch, squat, bend, stoop, and climb ladders. Ability to move throughout the store for an entire shift. Ability to safely access all areas of the store including selling floor, side lot, stock area, and register area. Ability to constantly operate store equipment such as computer, cash register, and other store equipment. Ability to read, write, and count accurately to complete all documentation. Ability to utilize strong written and verbal communication skills to communicate effectively with team members and customers. Ability to process information / merchandise through the point-of-sale system. Ability to handle and be in contact with birds/poultry. Ability to move and transfer live animals, equipment, and merchandise weighing up to 50 pounds. Ability to successfully complete all required training and certification. Ability to travel as required in support of district needs. Ability to drive or operate a vehicle for business needs. Lifting 50+ pounds Disclaimer This job description represents an overview of the responsibilities for the above referenced position. It is not intended to represent a comprehensive list of responsibilities. A team member should perform all duties as assigned by his/ her supervisor.