Title: Test Development Project Manager
Work Type: Full-time
Description: At Evaluation Systems we help design and deploy educator workforce solutions, so every learner has capable educators. The Test Development Project Manager is a member of the Assessment Operations Group, which is a project management organization that directly supports our state programs. In this role, you will assist in the development and administration of large-scale educator credentialing programs. You will be responsible for guiding the execution of all project activities to delivery, with an emphasis on schedule and workflow management. Success in this role requires a strong client focus, excellent verbal and written communication skills, solid project management skills, and the ability to direct multiple projects simultaneously. The Test Development Project Manager is a hybrid remote / office position. You will work remotely with in-office activities required, as needed, in Pearson’s Hadley, MA office. If you are outside of commuting distance, this position would be full-time remote. Responsibilities Plans, guides, and monitors all major components of test development projects as well as test administration, scoring, and results reporting (e.g., test materials review conferences, content validation surveys, field tests, test preparation resources).Produces and monitors short- and long-term project plans (e.g., project specification packages, client planning documents, production schedules).Maintains client contact in collaboration with state program project leadership..Conducts internal and client-facing planning meetings and workshops; may deliver online presentations.Ensures effective organization and coordination of all project tasks.Analyzes and resolves problems arising from management of multi-faceted projects; updates internal team members on status and progress of projects.Provides input regarding project staffing plans and the delegation/assignment of project responsibilities.Responsible for risk and issue identification and status reporting. Required Experience Bachelor's degree is required, Master's/advanced degree is preferred.Successful experience working on a project team.Demonstrated experience with schedule and workflow management.Proven experience in meeting facilitation, including agenda setting, meeting management, and minutes. Desired Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities PMP certification is preferred.Ability to analyze issues, identify root cause, and drive to resolution.Excellent interpersonal, collaborative and communication skills; demonstrated ability to establish positive working relationships at all levels of the organization, including the ability to work effectively within a project team and across departments.Ability to travel 5% - 10%.Highly proficient in MS Office and experience with Smartsheet a plus.Knowledge of principles of educational testing and of test development and administration is preferred. Compensation at Pearson is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific location. As required by the Colorado, California, Washington State, New York State and New York City laws, the pay range for this position is as follows: The full-time salary range is between $$62K - $65K. This position is eligible to participate in an annual incentive program, and information on benefits offered is here What To Expect From Pearson Did you know Pearson is one of the 10 most innovative education companies of 2022? At Pearson, we add life to a lifetime of learning so everyone can realize the life they imagine. We do this by creating vibrant and enriching learning experiences designed for real-life impact. We are on a journey to be 100 percent digital to meet the changing needs of the global population by developing a new strategy with ambitious targets. To deliver on our strategic vision, we have five business divisions that are the foundation for the long-term growth of the company: Assessment & Qualifications, Virtual Learning, English Language Learning, Workforce Skills and Higher Education. Alongside these, we have our corporate divisions: Digital & Technology, Finance, Global Corporate Marketing & Communications, Human Resources, Legal, Strategy and Direct to Consumer. Learn more at We are Pearson. We value the power of an inclusive culture and also a strong sense of belonging. We promote a culture where differences are embraced, opportunities are accessible, consideration and respect are the norm and all individuals are supported in reaching their full potential. Through our talent, we believe that diversity, equity and inclusion make us a more innovative and vibrant place to work. People are at the center, and we are committed to building a workplace where talent can learn, grow and thrive. Pearson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and a member of E-Verify. We want a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. All employment decisions are based on qualifications, merit and business need. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status or any other group protected by law. We strive for a workforce that reflects the diversity of our communities. To learn more about Pearson’s commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce, navigate to: Diversity, Equity & Inclusion at Pearson. If you are an individual with a disability and are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career site as a result of your disability, you may request reasonable accommodations by emailing ppsmhr@pearson.com. Note that the information you provide will stay confidential and will be stored securely. It will not be seen by those involved in making decisions as part of the recruitment process. Job: PROJECT/PROGRAMME MANAGEMENT Organization: Assessment & Qualifications Schedule: FULLTIME Workplace Type: Remote Req ID: 15575 #location