Title: Claims Adjuster Trainee
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Join Forbes’ 2023 Best Employer for Diversity! As a claims adjuster trainee, you’ll learn how to help customers get back on the road after an accident. This is not a field position which means you’ll be building relationships with customers over the phone. In a fast-paced environment, you’ll learn how to resolve a full case load of claims efficiently while managing the claims process from start to finish. You’ll have the support of a collaborative team and ongoing coaching from leaders. We’ll also teach you the insurance stuff – providing in-depth training on property damage and insurance contracts so you can confidently and independently adjust claims. This is a hybrid role, which means you’ll work in-office two days that are selected by local leadership and choose where you want to work the other three days, whether that’s at home or in the office, for a period of 12 months. After that period, the days you’ll be expected to report to an office for important meetings, training, and collaboration will vary based on business need. In this hybrid work environment, you’ll be supported by your leaders and tenured colleagues to develop relationships, establish connections, and share practices that are important to your development. If you prefer an in-office environment, you’re welcome to work in the office as often as you would like. Duties & Responsibilities (upon Completion Of Training) Determine coverageDetermine liability (who’s at fault for the damages)Interview customers, claimants, and witnesses Partner with appraisers/estimators to manage vehicle repairsNegotiate with customers and other insurance carriers and resolve claims Must-have Qualifications Three years of relevant work experience OR Bachelor’s degree OR Two years relevant work experience and an associate degree Schedule: Monday - Friday, 9am - 6pm; Training Schedule: Monday-Friday, 8:30am-5:30pm Location: 2010 O'Neil Rd, Ste B, Hudson, WI Compensation Once you complete training (which includes passing any necessary testing requirements), your salary will range from $51,000-$54,500/year, however, during training, you will be paid an hourly rate based on your annual salary Gainshare bonus up to 16% of your eligible earnings based on company performance Benefits 401(k) with dollar-for-dollar company match up to 6%Medical, dental & vision, including free preventative careWellness & mental health programsHealth care flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, & life insurancePaid time off, including volunteer time offPaid & unpaid sick leave where applicable, as well as short & long-term disabilityParental & family leave; military leave & payDiverse, inclusive & welcoming culture with Employee Resource GroupsCareer development & tuition assistance Energage recognizes Progressive as a 2023 Top Workplace for: Innovation, Purposes & Values, Work-Life Flexibility, Compensation & Benefits, and Leadership. Equal Opportunity Employer For ideas about how you might be able to protect yourself from job scams, visit our scam-awareness page at https://www.progressive.com/careers/how-we-hire/faq/job-scams/ Job Claims Primary Location United States-Wisconsin-St Croix Falls Schedule Full-time Employee Status Regular Work From Home No