Title: Film & Video Director
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Position Summary: The Film and Video Director will produce, capture, and broadcast high-impact film and video content for various platforms, including weekend services, the website, and ministry events. They will manage technical aspects, oversee editing, and collaborate with contractors and volunteers to deliver videos that advance Trinity Church’s mission of seeing lives changed by Jesus. The Film and Video Director will report directly to the Creative Pastor and work cohesively with the Creative and Production teams. Key Responsibilities: 1. Work as a cohesive unit with our Creative team and work in tandem with the Live Production team to develop and execute compelling video-based content for services and social media. 2. Create compelling visual content that communicates what God is doing here at Trinity Church and outside of TC through our various ministry and outreach partners. 3. Develop and execute strategic, vision-based video/photo content for, included but not limited to testimony stories, mini-documentaries, message bumpers, sermon illustrations, promotional / highlight videos, lyric video & music videos, as well as other creatively driven content 4. Produce and edit film & video content, ensuring timely and high-quality content and alignment with TC’s branding and communication guidelines as set by the Creative Pastor and Communications Director. 5. Collaborate with ministry and department leaders to develop video content that supports their programs and events. 6. Work with the Creative Pastor to help manage technical & creative aspects of film and video production, including equipment acquisition and maintenance, set up/tear down, cameras, lighting, design, staging, filming, editing, post-production, and distribution. 7. Provide leadership over the Video ministry for all Live Services, Digital Online Services, and other live events and/or digital initiatives. 8. Manage scheduling & communication with volunteers utilizing Planning Center 9. Attract, recruit, equip, empower, and empower volunteers into effective and meaningful ministry. 10. Provide video support and strategy as needed for ministries of TC featured at services, the website, and large events. 11. Provide support for the Production Team at certain times during TC’s Production schedule, including but not limited to set-builds, camera testing, camera placement, and operating. The above summary represents the major tasks and duties. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities. Therefore, the individual may perform other related tasks as needed to support the Weekend Experience Team. Qualifications – Education, Skills, Experience: 1. Proficiency with Adobe Creative Cloud (primarily Premiere Pro & After Effects), Blackmagic DaVinci Resolve, and other NLE applications. 2. Expertise and proficiency in current and emerging film and live video production trends, techniques, technologies, and the associated equipment and tools. 3. Photography, animation, and/or motion graphic design are a plus. 4. On-set experience is a plus. 5. Creative and innovative thinker. 6. Strong project management, administrative, and organizational skills. 7. Excellent written and oral communication skills. 8. High-capacity leader capable of functioning well in a fast-paced, ever-changing church environment. 9. Personal calling and giftedness from God to be a shepherd and spiritual leader. DIRECTOR EXPECTATIONS 1. Owns and oversees an area of ministry and takes responsibility of the overall performance of that ministry, and the performance of the staff under their oversight. 2. Develops and coaches the staff under their oversight with consistent encouragement and timely professional feedback. 3. Recruit, train, and effectively deploy volunteers so they are set up for success, and can serve with joy. 4. The Director is responsible for all of the volunteer leaders in their department, and that they were properly screened, background checked, and placed. 5. Be the primary driver of improvement in your area by creating plans, training, and setting goals. 6. Work toward creating a culture that aligns with the core values of the church in the ministries and teams you oversee by what you teach and what you tolerate. 7. Manage budget and resources well, and create a culture of stewardship on your team. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear. The employee frequently is required to stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. The employee must be able to lift and move video, audio, and lighting equipment up to 40 lbs., open filing cabinets, and bend, stand, or climb on stepladders as necessary. Work Schedule: Weekdays (Monday-Thursday) and weekend services or as scheduled by manager. This is a Weekend Experience Team position: Weekend services and other before or after-hours events are part of the regular workflow. Weekends are a priority and as such time off is limited and requires advance planning and preapproval. Schedule to be determined by Creative Pastor and Film Director upon hire.