Title: Product Manager, US Wind and Flood - Impact Forecasting
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Aon is looking for a Wind & Flood Product Manager - Hybrid or Virtual Role! Looking to have an overall impact as a Product Manager? Now you can, within Impact Forecasting (IF). This role will work in collaboration with the R&D, Software, BD, and Cat Management teams to deliver models for the quantification of natural hazard risk. The Product Manager within IF (Impact Forecasting) plays an integral role with; formalizing the case with market requirements and product roadmap, integrating a product strategy across US wind and flood perils, and finding opportunities to strengthen market position of the IF solution. Role Responsibilities: Build and maintain an end-to-end product development plans. This includes definition of market requirements, go to market planning, and product launch.Support R&D leadership in maintaining the ongoing product roadmap and validate priorities with Aon and clients.Work with business and development teams to outline a clear value proposition tailored to target market segments. Engage with clients and prospects to introduce solutions and support model validation.Partner with client facing teams to build adoption and usage of IF solutions and analyze findings. Skills and experience that will lead to success: 6-8 years’ in product management. Of which, 5+ years of confirmed experience in catastrophe modeling or usage and interpretation of catastrophe model output.Bachelor’s degree in relevant subject area such as atmospheric science, hydrology, geography, etc.Experience working with teams located across multiple continents and time-zones.Understanding of technical/business needs to support the implementation of product features and capabilities. We support our colleagues! In addition to our comprehensive benefits package, we encourage a diverse workforce. Plus, our agile, inclusive environment allows you to manage your wellbeing and work/life balance, ensuring you can be your best self at Aon. Furthermore, all colleagues enjoy two “Global Wellbeing Days” each year, encouraging you to take time to focus on yourself. We offer a variety of working style solutions, but we also recognize that flexibility goes beyond just the place of work... and we are all for it. We call this Smart Working! Our continuous learning culture inspires and equips you to learn, share and grow, helping you achieve your fullest potential. As a result, at Aon, you are more connected, more relevant, and more valued. Aon values an innovative, diverse workplace where all colleagues feel empowered to be their authentic selves. Aon is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. Aon provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran, marital, domestic partner status, or other legally protected status. Aon is committed to a diverse workforce and is an affirmative action employer. People with criminal histories are encouraged to apply. We provide individuals with disabilities reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment in accordance with applicable law. Please contact us to request an accommodation on ReasonableAdjustments@Aon.com Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. Pay Transparency Laws: The salary range for this position is $110,000 to $140,000 annually. The actual salary will vary based on applicant’s education, experience, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity and alignment with market data. The salary may also be adjusted based on applicant’s geographic location. Aon offers a comprehensive package of benefits for full-time and regular part-time colleagues, including, but not limited to: a 401(k) savings plan with employer contributions; an employee stock purchase plan; consideration for long-term incentive awards at Aon’s discretion; medical, dental and vision insurance, various types of leaves of absence, paid time off, including 12 paid holidays throughout the calendar year, 15 days of paid vacation per year, paid sick leave as provided under state and local paid sick leave laws, short-term disability and optional long-term disability, health savings account, health care and dependent care reimbursement accounts, employee and dependent life insurance and supplemental life and AD&D insurance; optional personal insurance policies, adoption assistance, tuition assistance, commuter benefits, and an employee assistance program that includes free counseling sessions. Eligibility for benefits is governed by the applicable plan documents and policies. 2526413