Title: Scientist, Immunology / Immuno-Oncology
Work Type: Full-time
Description: About the CompanyPinetree Therapeutics, Inc. is a biotech startup developing bispecific antibodies for cancer therapy. Our mission is to deliver on the promise of therapeutic antibodies to treat drug resistant cancers and immune disorders and create the next generation of transformative medicines for patients. We are a group of highly motivated, dedicated professionals working collaboratively in a multi-facetted team with the ultimate goal to improve patient care. Pinetree Therapeutics is located near Fresh Pond, in West Cambridge. Job Description:We are seeking a dynamic and innovative Scientist to join our Immuno-Oncology team, dedicated to harnessing the power of the immune system to combat cancer. This individual will lead efforts in developing and optimizing immuno-assays and profiling preclinical tumor models, leveraging our cutting-edge bispecific antibody platform. The role requires a blend of expertise in immunology, cancer biology, and a passion for translational research to drive our mission of delivering breakthrough therapies to patients. Responsibilities:● Independently design, develop, and validate novel immuno-assays for the characterization and advancement of therapeutic candidates for a wide range of therapeutics, including oncology, autoimmune and infectious diseases.● Conduct in-depth immune profiling of preclinical tumor models to understand mechanisms of action and identify biomarkers.● Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate findings into the broader research and development strategy.● ·Stay abreast of latest scientific advancements in immunology and immuno-oncology and contribute to the scientific community through publications and presentations. Qualifications:● A Ph.D. in Immunology, Cancer Biology or equivalent with 5 + years of relevant experience is required.● Proven expertise in immune cell biology, particularly T, DC and monocyte cells in cancer and ex vivo human PBMC models as well as hands on experience in the characterization of tumor micro-environments using multi-color flow cytometry (over 10 channels), single-cell RNAseq, molecular biology and other techniques.● Demonstrated ability to work with in vivo models of human cancers, including blood/ tissue collection and processing for ex vivo analysis.● Experience with a broad array of immunological techniques, such as immunoassays applicable to a variety of diseases, not limited to cancer.● Strong background in immunology with a focus on mechanisms involved in immune regulation, autoimmunity, inflammation, and infectious diseases.● Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a track record of scientific innovation and publication in peer-reviewed journals.● Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a multidisciplinary team.● Experience in biomarker discovery to select appropriate in vivo models and explore platform-synergistic drug combinations is a plus.● Experience in large data analysis is a plus. Pinetree Therapeutics offers·an opportunity to be at the forefront of immuno-oncology research, contributing to the development of next-generation cancer therapies. This is a chance to work in a collaborative, supportive, and inclusive work environment where innovation thrives, and career development is encouraged.Pinetree also offers a highly competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits, including medical and dental insurance, paid time off, and 401(k) with a generous company match. Pinetree is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to a person’s race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Pinetree will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law. Recruitment & Staffing Agencies: Pinetree does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Pinetree, and Pinetree will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.