Title: Project Manager 1
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Responsibilities / Tasks Responsible for the planning, design oversight, execution, and closeout of assigned project within established budget and schedule. Responsible for acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members, including contractors and consultants, to deliver project according to plan. Provides leadership, direction and resources to the project supervisor and project staff. Applies intensive and diversified knowledge of engineering principles and practices in broad areas of assigned projects. Leads the planning and implementation of a project while facilitating the definition of project scope, goals and deliverables utilizing the ProjectSolutions project management compliance matrix. Provides leadership and direction to project personnel. Manages project staff, ensures preparation and approval of all applicable project documentation, and ensures project scope is accomplished within schedule and budget. Liaises with project stakeholders on a routine basis. Identifies and manages scope change and ensures changes to Statement of Work are documented and communicates those changes to customer and management. Updates baseline budget and schedule. Tracks project cost and provides direction to accounting department for the preparation of project invoices. Acts as a primary interface between EnergySolutions and client by implementing project status meeting with client and providing monthly schedule, project, and financial input to management. Initiates and develops equipment and system designs. Takes equipment and systems from concept through to commissioning and testing. Applies knowledge of engineering principles to design products such as chemical engineering systems including reaction vessels, filtration systems, ion-exchange skids, piping, and vessel systems. May run experiments and tests to aid in the development of processing systems. May use computer-assisted engineering and design software and equipment to perform assignments. Performs a variety of engineering calculations using traditional engineering methods to document compliance with project and code requirements, which may include mass and energy balances, pressure profiles, pipe, pump, and vessel sizing. Generates and is fully conversant with Process Flow Diagrams, Process, and Instrumentation Diagrams (P&IDs) and Process Data Sheets. Assists in the preparation and approval of design documents and plant modifications, including supervision of designers in document development in accordance with approved procedures, processes, and design requirements. Provides technical expertise and guidance to develop, manage and implement engineering analysis, activities, and programs to identify and resolve equipment and system problems. Familiar with national codes and standards appropriate to the Mechanical and Chemical Engineering disciplines. Ensures relevant design criteria, specifications, practices, procedures and codes and site design and safety and licensing basis are used in preparation of design media. Performs checking to ensure accuracy of design media in accordance with company policies and procedures and client expectations. Performs independent research, reviews, studies, and analyses in support of plant changes and design modifications. Supports installation and testing of site systems and components. Participates in the preparation of cost estimates for engineering services to internal and external clients and coordinates work assignments to meet project-established schedules and budgets. Ensures that all activities are performed safely and in accordance with applicable Department of Transportation, Nuclear Regulatory Commission and Occupational Safety & Health Administration standards, state requirements and all applicable client procedures, permits and licenses by verbatim compliance to applicable project documentation. Manages personnel of varying disciplines and degrees of experience with emphasis on teamwork. Ensures staff performs all activities safely and are committed to a safe and accident-free working environment. Ensures personnel obtains and maintains appropriate training, qualifications and proficiencies utilizing the Talent Database. Works under general supervision. Responsible for all aspects of various projects of a moderately complex nature. Performs other duties as assigned. Job Requirements Effective negotiation skills. Strong communication skills; able to present design media to clients and customers. Advanced knowledge of Process Equipment design software and Microsoft Office. Detailed knowledge in functional discipline and its practical application. Detailed knowledge of industry codes and regulations. Detailed knowledge in the management of complex engineering projects. Ability to carry up to 10 pounds; handle and reach below shoulder. Ability to use hands to accomplish tasks as assigned. Ability to sit, stand, walk, climb, bend/stoop, crouch, and kneel. Ability to effectively communicate; pass audiogram in hearing conservation program as required by location. Ability to see close and distance; basic colors/shades. Ability to work inside an office, outside and in extreme temperatures. Ability to work with moving objects/hazardous machines and on slippery/uneven walking surfaces. Ability to wear respiratory protection. Ability to work alone and work with others. Ability to drive a vehicle and travel overnight. Ability to perform under deadline pressure. Minimum Education, Experience, And Certification Education Bachelor's degree required in Chemical or Mechanical Engineering or related technical degree or equivalent experience. Certifications Engineer in Training (EIT) or Professional Engineer License highly advantageous. Working toward Project Management Professional (PMP) as required. Required Experience Minimum of 5 years of experience completed projects and good performance reviews. EnergySolutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apply Online at: https://www.energysolutions.com/escareers/