Title: Director, Human Resources Business Partner, Uro-Oncology
Experience Level: Director
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description: As a privately- owned, biopharmaceutical company, Ferring pioneers and delivers life-changing therapies that help people build families and live better lives. Our independence helps us cultivate an entrepreneurial spirit and long-term perspective that enables us to achieve growth and scale, while remaining agile and true to our ‘people first’ philosophy. Built on a 70-year plus commitment to science and research, Ferring is relentless in its pursuit of science that drives powerful discoveries and therapies to help people build families, stay healthy, and stand up to the world’s oldest enemy: disease. As the Director, Human Resources Business Partner, Uro-Oncology you will develop and build strong relationships with company leadership, management and employees, and deliver both on strategy and operations to enable business growth. The HRBP provides support for the build of the newly created Uro-Oncology Division at Ferring and will also provide longer term HRBP support to this newly created division. With Ferring, you will be joining a recognized leader, identified as one of “The World’s Most Innovative Companies” by Fast Company, and honored by Fortune with inclusion on its “Change the World List,” for addressing society’s unmet needs. Ferring US is also Great Places to Work® Certified, distinguishing it as one of the best companies to work for in the country. Responsibilities: Works closely with the GM and other assigned business leader(s) to enable business growth and performance through understanding the overall business strategy, developing relevant HR strategies and executing against them.Leads change management, engagement and retention initiatives in partnership with the Uro-Oncology leadership team, leveraging the Ferring leadership Principles.Identify gaps, develop solutions and drive improvements through data-driven decision making. Interpret key HR metrics to deliver customized action planning and support.Collaborates and partners very closely with the COE leaders (Total Rewards, Diversity Equity and Inclusion, Learning & Development, Talent Management, Talent Acquisition) to drive overall organization effectiveness and engagement, functional and leadership excellence and a culture of performance and inclusion.Provides counsel on employee relations issues and conduct occasional investigations within the scope of the US business.Lead ad hoc projects and initiatives that impact the general employee population with potential global reach.Demonstrated ability in managing and resolving conﬂict with long-term solutions.Coach/mentor senior leaders for leadership development, succession planning, and talent management.Ensures consistency in the application and enforcement of policies and procedures and compliance with applicable employment laws and regulations.Serves as a critical member of the Uro-Oncology Leadership Team. Requirements: 10 plus years of progressive HR experience. HRBP experience supporting pharmaceutical commercial organizations during a launch phase and/or expansion is strongly preferred.HR business partner experience in a global and matrixed organization preferred.Bachelor degree required, MBA or Master’s degree preferred.Ability to deal with ambiguity in a fast-paced environment while managing multiple competing priorities coupled with strong problem-solving skills.Demonstrated abilities of collaboration, relationship management and influencing in a matrixed organization.Ability to stand firm and remain committed when necessary and facilitate understanding when difficult decisions must be made and executed.Must possess an ability to stay calm under pressure and in uncertainty inspire the same with other leaders and colleagues.Must possess a strong ability to cultivate a “team” atmosphere throughout the organization and represent the best of Ferring leadership behaviors.Customer and patient focused mindset with high business acumen.Strategic thinker with the ability to zoom in and out of situations/scenarios as needed.Effective communicator – both written and oral.Travel ~10%. This role will be based out of the Parsippany, NJ office. This role is eligible to participate in a hybrid schedule with three (3) days in the office and two (2) days remote. Ferring + you At Ferring, we offer competitive total compensation along with an exceptional range of flexible benefits, personal support and tailored learning and development opportunities all designed to help you realize your full potential both in life and at work. From working hours that respect your lifestyle, a culture that is welcoming and equitable , and the chance to work with the industry’s most impressive people, these are just some of the ways we live our "People First" philosophy . Our Compensation And Benefits At Ferring, base salary is one part of our competitive total compensation and benefits package and is determined using a salary range. The base salary range for this role is $174,000 to $254,150, which is the reasonable estimate of the base compensation for this role. The actual amount paid may differ based on non-discriminatory factors such as experience, knowledge, skills, abilities, education and primary work location. Additional compensation for this role will be provided based on competitive annual incentive compensation targets in the form of an annual bonus - payouts are based on individual and company performance. Benefits for this role include comprehensive healthcare (medical, dental, and vision) with a premium differential, inverse to base salary, to be paid by employees, a 401k plan and company match, short and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellness benefits, reimbursement for certain tuition expenses, sick time of 1 hour per 30 hours worked, vacation time for full time employees to accrue up to 120 hours in the first four (4) years of employment, and 160 hours in the fifth (5th) year of employment as well as 12 to 13 paid holidays per year. We are proud to offer 26 weeks of paid parental leave, learn more about the parental leave offering in our benefits package here . Ferring is an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment will be based on merit, competence, performance, and business needs. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local laws . Join our team and your voice will be heard, and your contributions will be valued. If you love to come up with new ways to make a positive difference and see them through, you will fit right in. We are proud to be an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer (including Disability/Protected Veterans). We maintain a drug-free workplace . Location:Parsippany, New Jersey