Title: Client Service Supervisor
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: We are seeking a highly experienced Client Service Professional to join our leadership team as Client Service Supervisor at VCA Countryside Animal Hospital of Hamburg. Under direction from the Hospital Manager, the Client Service Supervisor performs a wide range of difficult-to-complex administrative activities related to quality patient care and excellent client service, management of finances and accounting, marketing and promotion of services, staffing and human resources, and discretionary activities that serve to support effective business operations. Applicant must be a reliable self-starter, motivated by a challenging, fast-paced environment. Strong candidates will have supervisory experience, a positive attitude, a friendly demeanor towards both animals and people, will be detail oriented, have the ability to multi-task and can demonstrate the importance and understanding of high quality customer service. Skills And Qualifications Excellent knowledge of client service and communication center operations. Strong organizational skills. Strong client relations and interpersonal skills. Intermediate to expert computer skills. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Strong supervisory skills. Self-starter and team player. Strong client service background. 2 years of supervisory experience required. 2 years of experience in the veterinary field preferred but not required. The schedule for this position will be based on the needs of the business. Supervisor will have a flexible schedule to ensure coverage which include days, evenings, and weekends. Job Responsibilities Responsible for the day-to-day client service areas of the front office and internally with departmental relations. This includes interviewing, training, coaching, developing, mentoring and disciplinary action as appropriate. Direct on-the-job training to develop employee skill sets, advise employees of performance requirements with the standards of client service for the organization. Assist Hospital Manager with day to day operations. Resolve informal client complaints, maintain and report on these issues to the hospital manager. Responsible for the efficient day-to-day running of the front office to include enforcement of policies, procedures and protocols. Identify and provide recommendations for potential problems, non-routine situations, work flow processes, and client service needs to the hospital manager. Make decisions on behalf of the department utilizing good judgment, which demonstrates the best interest of the hospital and the clients. Coach employees and direct reports. Assist in the development and delivery of employee evaluations for the front desk with hospital manager. Assist in the development, implementation and maintenance of reporting tools and queries needed to manage the business. Handle communication of financial information to clients and doctors. Act as a liaison between front office and other department supervisors. We offer competitive compensation and great benefits for eligible employees, including medical/dental/vision, generous personal pet care discounts and so much more! If you are a current associate, you will need to apply through our internal career site. Please log into Workday and click on the Jobs Hub app or search for Browse Jobs. Benefits: We offer competitive compensation along with a comprehensive benefits package, including medical, dental, vision and paid vacation/sick days, 401(k), generous employee pet discounts and more! The information in this position description indicates the general nature and level of work to be performed. It is not designed to be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of associates assigned to this job. Management reserves the right to revise the job description or require that other tasks be performed when the circumstances of the job change (for example, emergencies, change in personnel, workload, or technical development) We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer - Veterans / Disabled. For a complete EEO statement please see our career page at vcacareers.com