Title: Pricebook Analyst (Onsite)
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Location: Temple, TX (Onsite) Employee Level: Individual Contributor Career Level: Entry-Level to Mid-Level What You Need Advanced MS Excel skills a must; MS Access or proficiencies with other database tools a plusComfortable using technology to accelerate efficienciesStrong attention to detail with organizational and time management skillsData entry or retail inventory experienceStrong written and verbal communications skills and exceptional customer serviceRetail, convenience store, grocery store, or warehouse experience is a plusMust be legally permitted to work in the United States. About The Job Our Inventory Management team is growing and in search of several top-notch Pricebook Analysts to maintain our customers’ pricing systems. Pricebook Analysts manage databases for convenience store clients, maintaining and adding to items, costs, and retails for inventory management purposes. Team members work collaboratively to analyze and troubleshoot issues. Our Analysts use our software application to manage retail and inventory modules and maximize our customers’ profits. We troubleshoot different issues, help drive operational efficiencies, and resolve complex promotional schemes for our customers every day. We provide the foundation for successful inventory management in the C-store space and this team derives a strong sense of satisfaction from using our expertise to manage retail inventory and improve systems and processes. A strong desire to contribute to the team and help customers is also crucial for success. What You’ll Do Providing Pricebook maintenance services for customer’s centralized inventory databaseCollaborating daily with customers and supply vendorsMaintaining vendor items, standard costs, and promotional costsImplementing and maintaining standard and promotional retail of items sold at the point of saleTroubleshooting issues; analyzing inventory data to spot anomalies and potential problemPerforming daily record-keeping for audit trail and billing purposesSpecial projects as assigned Why PDI Technologies? PDI Technologies, Inc. resides at the intersection of productivity and sales growth, delivering powerful solutions that serve as the backbone of the convenience retail and petroleum wholesale ecosystem. By “Connecting Convenience” across the globe, we empower businesses to increase productivity, make more informed decisions, and engage faster with their customers. We Offer Comprehensive benefits package including health, dental, and vision coverage effective immediatelyMatching Group Retirement Savings PlanPTO effective immediately Quarterly self-investment allowance for personal and professional development, health and wellness, entertainment, travel, charitable giving, tech, travel, etc.Strong culture that values authenticity, trust, curiosity, and diversity of thought Our Commitment to Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging At PDI Technologies, diversity is embraced. We are committed to cultivating an environment that is safe, welcoming, and inclusive for all individuals. PDI Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We agree not to discriminate against any employee or job applicant because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, physical or mental disability, or age.