Title: phlebotomist
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: When you join the growing BILH team, you're not just taking a job, you’re making a difference in people’s lives. Job Type: Per Diem Scheduled Hours: 0 Work Shift: Day (United States of America) PER DIEM: 482 Bedford Street, 1st FL Lexington Phlebotomists under supervision perform venipuncture, fingersticks, and bleeding times on all patients at the BIDMC. This person obtains patient identification and maintains vein preservation and specimen labeling procedures. A Phlebotomist transports routine and STAT specimens to appropriate laboratories. Training and supply maintenance and ordering are assignments for Phlebotomists. The phlebotomist maintains excellent working relationships with internal and external clients. They are integral to the provision of excellent laboratory service. Job Description: Essential Responsibilities: Perform venipunctures, including blood culture collection, and fingersticks ensuring proper ID/labeling of specimens and using vein preservation techniques. Perform and report bleeding times according to standard operating procedures. Ensure adequate stocking of supplies and report needs to phlebotomy leaders. Transports specimen from site of collection to site of testing. Participates in laboratory programs for QA, competency, mandatory training and continuing education. Required Qualifications: High School diploma or GED required . Registration preferred: ASCP Registered,Certificate 1 preferred: NCA Certification0-1 years related work experience required. Basic familiarity with computers. Ability to navigate at a basic level within web-based applications. Competencies: Written Communications: Ability to read, and write in English in order to understand basic safety instructions and take direction from supervisors; communicate effectively with patients, families and other medical center staff; and respond to basic questions. Oral Communications: Ability to understand spoken English in order to follow basic safety instructions and take direction from supervisors; communicate effectively in basic English with patients, families and medical center staff in response to routine questions. Knowledge: Ability to demonstrate basic knowledge of fundamental concepts, practices and procedures with the ability to use them in routine situations. Specialized knowledge not required. Team Work: Ability to interact respectfully with other employees, professional staff and/or external contacts to offer ideas, identify issues, obtain information or deliver services. Customer Service: Ability to provide a high level of customer service to patients, visitors, staff and external customers in a professional, service-oriented, respectful manner using skills in active listening and problem solving. Ability to remain calm in stressful situations. Physical Nature of the Job: Light work: Exerting up to 20 pounds of force frequently to move objects. Some elements of the job are sedentary, but the employee will be required to stand for periods of time or move through out the hospital campus FLSA Status: Non-Exempt As a health care organization, we have a responsibility to do everything in our power to care for and protect our patients, our colleagues and our communities. Beth Israel Lahey Health requires that all staff be vaccinated against influenza (flu) and COVID-19 as a condition of employment. Learn more about this requirement. More than 35,000 people working together. Nurses, doctors, technicians, therapists, researchers, teachers and more, making a difference in patients' lives. Your skill and compassion can make us even stronger. Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled