Title: HOME CARE OCCUPATIONAL THERAPIST OT
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Liberty Cares With Compassion At Liberty Home Care we know that following an illness, trauma or surgery, the ability to recover at home can greatly improve patient outcomes. Our healthcare professionals are dedicated to offering recovery with independence to our patients. We are currently seeking an experienced: HOME CARE OCCUPATIONAL THERAPIST (OT) Full Time Job Description: Provides patient care services along with direct treatment and follow-up. Evaluates patients new to service where there are physician orders, utilizing motor evaluation, sensory-perceptual-cognitive evaluation, and/or performance evaluation as indicated by the patient’s condition. Develops a plan of care appropriate to the patient’s diagnosis, utilizing assessment findings and data. Establish measureable goals in compliance with patient’s physical assessment. Documents patient care data accurately, thoroughly, and in a timely matter, reflecting evidence of improvement/progress/decline in patient’s condition. Coordinate regularly with COTA’s and provide monthly supervision of the COTA’s patient care. Submits the daily/weekly patient visit schedule to the Scheduler. Communicates as necessary with intercompany and intracompany contacts. Discusses company and third party reimbursement policies and guidelines with the patient/family and discuss treatment plans with the Patient Care Coordinator, physician, and patient/family. Coordinates with Patient Care Coordinator in making referrals to appropriate disciplines. Provides in-service education, health care professional education, and public education in addition to supervising peers and supporting personnel and students in training as needed by the company. Conducts research and assists with orientation of new employees as needed. Job Requirements: Minimum bachelor’s degree in occupational therapy from an accredited school of occupational therapy, successful completion of the National Certification Exam and current licensure from the state where therapy will be provided. Prefer a minimum of one year’s therapeutic experience in a non-home health care environment. Strong knowledge of theory and concepts relating to the practice of physical therapy and the ability to evaluate and treat patients for whom a physician’s order exists. CPR certified and strong communication and organization skills. Minimum of twelve hours of continuing education annually. Accept travel and working conditions as assigned. Visit www.libertyhomecare.com for more information. Background checks/drug-free workplace. EOE. PI239203541