Title: Field Service Technician – 100% Travel (Rotational Position 4 weeks traveling, 1 week off)
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Invenergy drives innovation in energy. Powered by decades of entrepreneurial experience and unparalleled execution, we solve the energy challenges facing our customers and communities. We provide power generation and storage solutions at scale around the world to create a cleaner energy future. We develop. We build. We own. We operate. We are Invenergy. Job Description As a Field Service Technician – 100%, you will be responsible for performing and training on major component replacements and repair services as needed across the Invenergy fleet. Assure all operations and maintenance activities are performed in a safe manner consistent with established Invenergy policies and procedures. You should expect to travel away from home for 4-week intervals while returning home for a week of time off. Responsibilities Collaboratively represent Invenergy and the Field Service Group to internal and external parties. Troubleshoot mechanical and electrical faults in multiple equipment platforms Train site personnel in Operations activities including: Safety, Preventative Maintenance, Reactive Maintenance, and Ops Support System. Lead teams to perform major component replacements and repairs on multiple equipment platforms and component manufacturers. Troubleshoot complicated electrical, mechanical, and hydraulic problems Understand electrical, mechanical, and hydraulic functions of multiple equipment platforms Perform equipment and site inspections and compile associated reports. Complete daily and monthly reporting requirements. Write and revise procedures and documents on how to perform each component replacement. Assure all activities are performed in a safe manner consistent with Invenergy policies and procedures. Rotational position travel in 4 week intervals away from home while returning for a week off. Required Skills One (1) year technical experience (mechanical, electrical, etc.) and/or technical education.High School diploma or equivalentMust be able to work outdoors in inclement weather, climb ladders without assistance. Ability to move and manipulate up to 45 kg (100 lbs.). Valid driver's license and acceptable driving record Work at heights greater than 80 meters (250 feet) Weight must not exceed 120 kg (265 lbs.) excluding equipment/gear worn when performing job related tasks. Eligible to work in the United States without the need for employer visa sponsorship now or in the future Preferred Skills Two (2) years technical experience and/or technical education related to renewable energy systems.Strong interest and understanding of electrical and mechanical systems. Self-motivatorExperience in multiple platforms strongly preferred. Ability to effectively use software systems to troubleshoot issues. Ability to work safely, with limited supervision.Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience in the use of Microsoft Office products. Individuals receiving conditional offers of employment will be subject to drug testing and must receive a negative result to begin working for the company. Benefits Eligible for medical, dental, vision, 401(k), profit sharing, bonus, paid time off, etc. Invenergy LLC is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a protected veteran, or disability.