Title: Procurement Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: For over 77 years, Ernest has been committed to the success of our extended family, our customers, our employees, and the packaging industry itself. When you work with Ernest, you’ll enjoy the advantages of learning proven methods of success, a proactive approach, and having fun while earning what you’re worth with a lot of really awesome people. Ernest is currently in search of a Merchandising Manager (Procurement Manager) for our Los Angeles division located in Commerce, CA. This is a full-time position that offers a competitive base salary, along with benefits and a WONDERFUL company culture. This is an on-site job. We are searching for a Purchasing Manager who will act as the consummate resource in the development and partnering of our suppliers. This will be accomplished through your leadership, direction and motivation of our purchasing department. Ultimately, this position is the focal point in harnessing the power of our supply base for the benefit of our customers. Expectations and Goals:Manage, support, and nurture the development, growth, and success of the purchasing staffStrive to exceed the company goals as to gross profit production and the gross profit percentageMonitor the company inventory for turnover, taking special charge of custom, one-customer inventory VENDOR RELATIONS AND COMMITMENTS:Develop, maintain and enhance a close working relationship between the company and our suppliersEstablish and maintain close working relationships with the decision-makers of our top suppliersExamine and evaluate marketplace business conditions, vendor opportunities and new product introductionsRegularly poll the sales force and vendor representatives for opportunities and concerns MANAGEMENT DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Manage, supervise and be ultimately responsible for all purchasing and inventory functionsResponsible for controlling the company inventory, making sure that the inventory level is reviewed monthly and that the levels meet our company month supply levelsStay abreast of market conditions, changes in products, changes in price levels, terms, discounts, allowances, promotions and changes with suppliersPurchase at the lowest costs, improve quality and marketability of our products, and seek new and/or better products that the company can sell competitively at improved gross profit marginsEvaluate and offer suggestions to increase results, which should include better methods, systems and proceduresSelect, hire and train purchasing agentsReview the performance of the purchasing staffReview all low gross profit orders with the credit department, sales manager and the director of operationsHold meetings with the purchasing department that assess vendor quality control, new products and promotions Ernest is a nationwide company, but did you know that our humble roots started in a Los Angeles garage? Brothers Ernie and Charles Wilson founded the company in 1946 with a dedication to customized service. Even after decades of delivering great packaging to our customers, that commitment has never changed. We always find the best solution to fit our customers’ needs, even if we have to invent it!