Title: Shift Leader
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: What’s Unique About You Is What Makes Us Better! Diversity is our strength and competitive advantage. Bring your flavor to the Papa John's team today! Do you want to be known as a team leader who ensures customers receive a world class service experience? Can you put together the winning team? As an Hourly Shift Leader, you will lead a restaurant team in a fun, flexible work environment. At Papa Johns, people are always our top priority. Our secret ingredient is YOU. Working with Papa Johns is a great place to start your career. Many Hourly Shift Leaders have gone on to become General Managers and beyond! You will improve on the skills you have, and we'll teach you some new ones too. We are more than just a pizza company; we're a pizza family. Papa Johns Offers Benefits*- Medical, Dental, Paid Vacation, and 401(k)*Benefits vary based off hours worked and positionPaid WeeklyDough & Degrees - 100% Paid Tuition through numerous online UniversitiesFlexible Hours50% off Pizza DiscountsDirect Deposit and Debit (Pay) CardsOn-going Training Programs in Leadership, Business Management, and People Development to name just a few""Ingredient YOU!"" recognition program: awards and cards for being awesomePerkSpot Discount Program**: vast array of discounts, including cell phone service, movie tickets, auto insurance, roadside assistance, tire and auto repair, new cars, travel and so many more**Discounts will vary geographically and are subject to changeBenefits vary based off hours worked and position Critical Ingredients You will need to be at least 18 years old, with a GED or High School Diploma preferred. You will need to possess basic math and solid problem-solving skills. Nights and weekends are very busy, so you will need to have the ability and desire to work those shifts. Lastly, you will need to be able to lift or move up to 25 pounds and stand for prolonged periods. We've covered the basics here, but we'll have more details for you once you apply. Apply today and let's do this! Everybody loves pizza, which means they also love the people who are behind the scenes working to deliver it. This is complex and challenging work – but let’s face it – it’s also pizza! If you want a fulfilling career with a company that’s always moving forward, we’re the right place. Papa John's is a Federal Contract employer who participates in E-Verify to confirm employment eligibility for each new team member. For more information please view the following PDFs: E-Verify Poster (English) - Right to Work Poster (English) - E-Verify Poster (Spanish) - Right to Work Poster (Spanish) Papa John's is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. For more information please click on the following PDF. See terms & conditions for site use.