Title: Electrical Supervisor
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Requisition ID: 5539 Location: Florence, CO, US, 81226 Pay Type: Salary Estimated Annual Salary Range: $93,000 - $101,000 Travel Requirement: <10% ARE YOU READY TO BUILD PROGRESS WITH US? Driven by our purpose: Building progress for people and the planet. We are transforming to become the global leader in innovative and sustainable building solutions. Holcim is enabling greener cities, smarter infrastructure and improving living standards around the world. With sustainability at the core of its strategy Holcim is becoming a net zero company, with its people and communities at the heart of its success. The company is driving circular construction as a world leader in recycling to build more with less. Holcim is 70,000 people around the world who are passionate about building progress for people and the planet through four business segments: Cement, Ready-Mix Concrete, Aggregates and Solutions & Products. Description: About The Role Plan, schedule and oversee the execution of all electrical maintenance activities in the plant in order to maximise equipment utilization and reliability. What You'll Be Doing Demonstrates a commitment to communicating, improving and adhering to safety policies in all work environments and areas. Practice and promote safety in such a way as including but not limited to; assessing risks before starting tasks, only performing authorized activities, utilizing appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE). Ensure that all electrical work performed either by the electrical/instrumentation technicians or outside contractors is performed in a safe manner and meets all applicable regulations. Ensure the full compliance of Environmental Equipment through inspections, schedule maintenance, calibrations, and repairs. Ensure the Compliance of the Process Instrumentation calibration program. Ensure the Compliance of the dosing equipment (weigh feeders, Pfisters, etc), calibration program. Lead the Electrical Safe Work Practices (ESWP) and Energy Isolation (EI) programs.Communicate the electrical and maintenance department critical issues that can affect, Safety, Environment, equipment reliability, budget compliance and inter-department operations. Comply and maintain the electrical and Predictive / Preventive Maintenance program. Daily monitoring of the plant electrical equipment to ensure reliability through physical inspections and process monitoring. Participate in the planning, execution, and review of the Main Maintenance Outages. Maintain electrical documentation including but not limited to master equipment files, regulatory compliance files, equipment specifications, and repair history. What We Are Looking For Education: Associate's / Technical degree or 3 years of equivalent experience. Additional Education Preferred: Bachelor's degree. Field of Study Preferred: Electrical/Engineering Required Work Experience: 3-5 years in heavy industrial mechanical maintenance Required Computer and Software Skills: Familiar with using a computer and basic software such as email program. CMMS experience would be preferred. Travel Requirements: 0-10% Additional Requirements: Experience on the tools and supervisory roleKnowledge of industrial safety techniques and practicesKnowledge of industrial maintenance best practices and techniquesExperience working in a union environmentAbility to work in an industrial environment that may include dust, heat, loud noise, etc.Experience working in cement, mining, steel or similar industries is desirableGood mechanical aptitude Demonstrate a commitment to communicating, improving and adhering to health, safety and environmental policies in all work environments and areas. Promote a culture of safety and exhibit these behaviors. Successful candidates must adhere to all safety protocols and proper use of Holcim approved Personal Protection Equipment (“PPE”), including but not limited to respirators. Employees that are required to wear respirators must be clean shaven where the respirator seal meets the face in order to pass the qualitative and quantitative fit tests. What we offer: Competitive salary based on experience and qualificationsRetirement Savings: Choose from 401(k) pre-tax and/or Roth after-tax savingsMedical, Dental, Disability and Life Insurance coverageHolistic Health & Well-being programsHealth Savings Accounts (HSAs) & Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs) for health and dependent careVision and other Voluntary benefits and discountsPaid time off & paid holidaysPaid Parental Leave (maternity & paternity)Educational Assistance ProgramDress for your day policy #ColoradoUS This position is expected to be open until 6/11/2024 Your Holcim Experience At Holcim, there is endless opportunity for you to play your part. Whether you’re in a technical, managerial, or frontline role, you can shape a career that works for you. With us you’ll have the chance to embrace the passion we share for our planet. You’ll be encouraged to seek out diverse perspectives, share your ideas and build the skills and connections you need to perform at your best. Because it’s only when we work together in a culture where everyone thrives, that we can build the world we all want to live in. Click To View Company Benefits Overview In compliance with the ADA Amendments Act (ADAAA), if you have a disability and would like to request accommodation in order to apply for a position with us, please call (773) 355-4557 or email recruiting-accommodations@holcim.com. This email address and phone number should only be used for accommodations and not general inquiries or resume submittals. Please visit our Pay Transparency Policy Statement Driven by our purpose to build sustainable solutions for people and our planet, Holcim US encourages interested candidates who meet many, even if not all of the job requirements to apply for a position. We provide a safe working environment for all and strive for diversity in our teams and inclusivity in our work. We take pride in our hiring processes and our commitment to all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, genetic information, citizenship, physical or mental disability, past, current, or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Our goal is to drive diversity in our teams and inclusivity in our work. Holcim (US) Inc., Holcim - ACM Management, Inc., and their affiliates and subsidiaries are an Equal Opportunity Employer, deciding all employment on the basis of qualification, merit and business need. While we sincerely appreciate all applications, only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. Nearest Major Market: Colorado Springs