Title: Digital Media Manager, CBG
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Responsibilities CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND TASKS Lead and implement the strategic and tactical planning and execution of all paid digital media (primarily social, display, OLV, streaming radio, and search) for the Consumer Brands Group. Ensure these programs deliver on marketing strategy, objectives, and goals. Media plans should increase sales, and market share, and influence brand preference and perception. Establish and track key measures, metrics, and reports for monitoring and evaluating digital marketing programs. Collaborate with the marketing and digital teams to ensure all strategies and objectives are being met. Stay current on best practices, strategies, and industry standards related to digital media. Manage digital media agency and work collaboratively to deliver integrated digital media strategies and plans. Manage one direct report responsible for SEM for CBG brands Qualifications POSITION REQUIREMENTS FORMAL EDUCATION: Bachelor’s Degree KNOWLEDGE & EXPERIENCE: 5+ years of national media planning, buying or a related field Strong negotiation skills Comfortable in a fast paced environment Exceptional multi-tasking ability and time management skills Management experience TECHNICAL/SKILL REQUIREMENTS: Ability to negotiate below market CPMs on all media Stay on budget while hitting all impression goals Clear understanding of media math TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS: 10% About Us Here, we believe there’s not one path to success, we believe in careers that grow with you. Whoever you are or wherever you come from in the world, there’s a place for you at Sherwin-Williams. We provide you with the opportunity to explore your curiosity and drive us forward. Sherwin-Williams values the unique talents and abilities from all backgrounds and characteristics. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply, including individuals with disabilities and Protected Veterans. We’ll give you the space to share your strengths and we want you show us what you can do. You can innovate, grow and discover in a place where you can thrive and Let Your Colors Show! At Sherwin-Williams, part of our mission is to help our employees and their families live healthier, save smarter and feel better. This starts with a wide range of world-class benefits designed for you. From retirement to health care, from total well-being to your daily commute—it matters to us. A general description of benefits offered can be found at http://www.myswbenefits.com/ . Click on “Candidates” to view benefit offerings that you may be eligible for if you are hired as a Sherwin-Williams employee. Compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case and will impact where actual compensation may fall within the stated wage range. The wage range listed for this role takes into account the wide range of factors considered in making compensation decisions including skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and other business and organizational needs. The disclosed range estimate has not been adjusted for the applicable geographic differential associated with the location at which the position may be filled. The wage range, other compensation, and benefits information listed is accurate as of the date of this posting. The Company reserves the right to modify this information at any time, with or without notice, subject to applicable law. Sherwin-Williams is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, age, pregnancy, genetic information, creed, marital status or any other consideration prohibited by law or by contract. As a VEVRAA Federal Contractor, Sherwin-Williams requests state and local employment services delivery systems to provide priority referral of Protected Veterans.