Title: Senior Geotechnical Engineer
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Senior Geotechnical Engineer, CA GEWe are currently seeking a high caliber Mid to Senior Level Geotechnical Engineer for a long-term basis within our client’s team of experienced professionals. Based in Eureka, CA. Job RequirementsLooking for an experienced and enthusiastic geotechnical engineer who wants to be a part of a well-established team of geologists and engineers. Our Senior Geotechnical Engineer is nearing retirement, and our entry-level engineers aspire to develop in the geotechnical field. The right candidate will lean into this experience gap, collaborating with established senior staff and mentoring junior staff. Our organization currently employs 10 geologists, of whom 5 are Senior Engineering Geologists, and 11 materials testing technicians and special inspectors supporting three fully accredited materials testing laboratories, located in Eureka and Willits, CA, and in Coos Bay, OR. One of the things we enjoy is seeing projects develop from concept through construction. Many of our geologists and engineers work collaboratively with our laboratory testing and special inspection staff to support projects during the construction phase. Qualifications:Senior-level Geotechnical Engineer:At least 10 years of geotechnical engineering experience, with 5 years post-GE license, including:foundation design (shallow and deep)Slope stability evaluation and retaining wall design.seismic hazards (liquefaction, settlement, slope failure, etc.)ground improvement techniques.At least 5 years of project management experienceThe qualifications for Mid-level GE (below) Mid-level Geotechnical EngineerBachelor’s degree in civil /geotechnical engineering from an accredited four-year college or universityCalifornia Registered Geotechnical Engineer (GE) License and ability/interest in obtaining Oregon GE license within 1 year.At least 5 years of GE experienceWorking knowledge of geologic and geotechnical conditions and engineering requirements in our client’s footprintInterest/ability to help develop the technical aspects of our client’s engineering and geotechnical servicesFamiliarity with geotechnical software and tools for analysis and designExperience working with a materials testing laboratory ***Notice to Candidates: Background checks are carried out as part of any conditional offer made, including (but not limited to & role dependent) education, professional registration, employment, references, passport verifications and Global Watchlist screening. To be Considered Candidates: Must be authorized to work in the USA without sponsorship*** Employment Type: Full Time Location of Position: Eureka, California - will consider Redding, Willits, and Fort Bragg Location Type: On-site/Hybrid TRS Staffing Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer that recognizes the value of a diverse workforce. Employment decisions are based on job related criteria and not on the basis of any unlawful criteria. We ensure equal access to employment opportunities, services, and programs. Must have legal right to work in the United States. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for interviews will be contacted.