Title: Patient Registrar
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description Second Shift - Shift Pay Applies! Do you want to join an organization that invests in you as a Patient Registrar? At HCA Florida JFK North Hospital, you come first. HCA Healthcare has committed up to $300 million in programs to support our incredible team members over the course of three years. Benefits HCA Florida JFK North Hospital, offers a total rewards package that supports the health, life, career and retirement of our colleagues. The available plans and programs include: Comprehensive medical coverage that covers many common services at no cost or for a low copay. Plans include prescription drug and behavioral health coverage as well as free telemedicine services and free AirMed medical transportation. Additional options for dental and vision benefits, life and disability coverage, flexible spending accounts, supplemental health protection plans (accident, critical illness, hospital indemnity), auto and home insurance, identity theft protection, legal counseling, long-term care coverage, moving assistance, pet insurance and more. Free counseling services and resources for emotional, physical and financial wellbeing401(k) Plan with a 100% match on 3% to 9% of pay (based on years of service)Employee Stock Purchase Plan with 10% off HCA Healthcare stockFamily support through fertility and family building benefits with Progyny and adoption assistance. Referral services for child, elder and pet care, home and auto repair, event planning and moreConsumer discounts through Abenity and Consumer DiscountsRetirement readiness, rollover assistance services and preferred banking partnershipsEducation assistance (tuition, student loan, certification support, dependent scholarships)Colleague recognition programTime Away From Work Program (paid time off, paid family leave, long- and short-term disability coverage and leaves of absence)Employee Health Assistance Fund that offers free employee-only coverage to full-time and part-time colleagues based on income. Learn More About Employee Benefits Note: Eligibility for benefits may vary by location. You contribute to our success. Every role has an impact on our patients’ lives and you have the opportunity to make a difference. We are looking for a dedicated Patient Registrar like you to be a part of our team. Job Summary And Qualifications As a Registrar, you will be responsible for timely and accurate patient registration. You will also interview patients for all pertinent account information and verify insurance coverage. What you will do in this role: Interview patients at workstation or at bedside to obtain all necessary account information. Bedside registration performed utilizing carts/computers on wheelsProvide exemplary Customer ServiceEnsure charts are completed and accurateVerify all insurance and obtain pre-certification/authorizationCalculate and collect patient liability amountsEnsure that all necessary signatures are obtained for treatmentsProcess patient charts according to paperwork flow needs and established productivity standardsInterview incoming patients, his/her relatives, or other responsible individuals to obtain identifying and demographical information with insurance and financial informationAssign Insurance Plans (I-Plans) accuratelyVerify insurance benefits and determine pre-certification/authorization status via online or other resources. If pre-certification/authorization/notification of admission is required and has not been obtained, initiate via Passport, on-line or phone call. Enter all information and authorization/referral numbers into the registration system. Secure all signatures necessary for treatments, release of medical information, assignment of insurance benefits, and payment of services from legally responsible parties. Obtain copies of necessary identification and insurance cards. Understand/explain policies regarding services, pricing, insurance billing, and payment of account. What qualifications you will need: 1 year of related experience preferred. Demonstrates proficiency in Microsoft Office applications required Learn more about a day in the life of a Registrar https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlHpzS5dpbE Parallon provides full-service revenue cycle management, or total patient account resolution, for HCA Healthcare. Our services include scheduling, registration, insurance verification, hospital billing, revenue integrity, collections, payment compliance, credentialing, health information management, customer service, payroll and physician billing. We also provide full-service revenue cycle management as well as targeted solutions, such as Medicaid Eligibility, for external clients across the country. Parallon has over 17,000 colleagues, and serves close to 1,000 hospitals and 3,000 physician practices, all making an impact on patients, providers and their communities. HCA Healthcare has been recognized as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies® by the Ethisphere Institute more than ten times. In recent years, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated $3.7 billion in cost for the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated expenses. "There is so much good to do in the world and so many different ways to do it."- Dr. Thomas Frist, Sr. HCA Healthcare Co-Founder Be a part of an organization that invests in you! We are reviewing applications for our Registrar opening. Qualified candidates will be contacted for interviews. Submit your application and help us raise the bar in patient care! We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Recruiter to check inserted requirements to ensure it included all credentials below. Then they should delete the credentials What qualifications you will need: " Parallon provides full-service revenue cycle management, or total patient account resolution, for HCA Healthcare. Our services include scheduling, registration, insurance verification, hospital billing, revenue integrity, collections, payment compliance, credentialing, health information management, customer service, payroll and physician billing. We also provide full-service revenue cycle management as well as targeted solutions, such as Medicaid Eligibility, for external clients across the country. Parallon has over 17,000 colleagues, and serves close to 1,000 hospitals and 3,000 physician practices, all making an impact on patients, providers and their communities. HCA Healthcare has been recognized as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies® by the Ethisphere Institute more than ten times. In recent years, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated $3.7 billion in cost for the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated expenses. " "Good people beget good people."- Dr. Thomas Frist, Sr. HCA Healthcare Co-Founder We are a family 270,000 dedicated professionals! Our Talent Acquisition team is reviewing applications for our Patient Registrar opening. Qualified candidates will be contacted for interviews. Submit your resume today to join our community of caring! We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.