Title: Financial Analyst - Field Maintenance Operations
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Come join us! TTX is now in Charlotte! Following a robust assessment, TTX determined Charlotte to be an ideal location to sustain our business success and provide continued value to the North American rail industry. Beyond that, locals know that Charlotte is a fast-growing hub for a diversified set of industries. It’s also a very nice place to live with nearby mountains, beaches, and an outdoor-friendly, year-round climate. We’ve chosen office space at The Line, a new office complex in the heart of Charlotte’s up and coming South End, which is “the place to be” with over 200 shops and restaurants, 2,500 multi-family residences, and lots of entertainment and art to enjoy. Over 11,000 residents now call South End home. Many of the 17,000 employees who work in the South End commute via the convenient Rail Trail. We’re excited about the opportunities for our business and our employees. About TTX TTX is a unique and creative provider of service to the rail industry. Our signature yellow cars move the goods and raw materials that consumers and businesses rely upon every day. TTX has a friendly and helpful culture with smart, curious people who enjoy working together. At TTX you can expect: Professional development with continuing learning opportunities. Financial rewards for excellent performance through competitive pay and bonuses. TTX’s Total Rewards package includes fully paid Health, Dental and Vision benefits. Financial Analyst – Field Maintenance Operations Join our team and perform budgeting and forecasting, month end close accounting, analysis, and reporting activities related to TTX maintenance costs, with emphasis on Field Maintenance Operations (FMO). RESPONSIBILITIES All aspects and lead the analysis related to FMO operations and maintenance costs, including the accounting close process, the presentation of financial results, and the reconciliations supporting the month end close accounting.Actively in the month end close process with respect to FMO activities to include ledger transaction analysis, journal entry preparation, and analysis and reporting of results.In-depth reporting and analysis of maintenance operations activities. This responsibility includes preparing monthly reports and presentations with meaningful commentary to the appropriate management within the Equipment (operations) and Finance teams, with focus on variances to forecast and/or prior periods.FMO cost information for use in controlling expenditures including labor, material, and overhead. Perform ad hoc requests for information and data from the Equipment management team and from the leadership within the Finance team.Technology tools such as PowerBI, Tableau, and excel to create self-serve dashboards and reports for operations and finance employees to analyze their monthly spending and costs.The support and response to requests from operation employees in the field, including FMO supervisors and regional managers.Quarterly forecasting and annual planning process with respect to FMO maintenance activities, leveraging both system tools and manual inputs to compile the final forecast.Maintain Standard Operating Procedures related to month-end close tasks, forecasting, and reporting. QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in accounting or finance from four-year college or universityProven work experience in an accounting or financial planning and financial analyst position.Desire to pursue CPA or MBA is preferred.Experience reporting and analyzing Maintenance Operations would be a plus.Proven work experience with Oracle Cloud ERP and EPM, including use of Smart View is required.Prior experience with presenting financial results and accounting close process.Ability to communicate with C-suite level executives and deliver presentations of quarterly results.in the use of Microsoft Office Suite, especially Excel (pivot tables and simple macros)Knowlege of statistical analysis tool Power BI would be a plus.Proven experience managing priorities and meeting deadlines.Interpersonal skills and team-oriented personality is a must!Openness to travel to our Field Maintenance Operation facilities if/when needed.Work experience within one of the following industries is strongly preferred: Manufacturing or Intermodal Rail, or Transportation/Fleet Managment.