Title: Senior SAN Storage Engineer
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Norfolk Southern offers a unique opportunity to be part of our proud legacy that spans nearly 200 years. We are a customer-centric, operations-driven team dedicated to advancing safety, serving communities, and driving innovation for tomorrow's rail. As part of Norfolk Southern, you’ll join a collaborative team where there are opportunities for growth across the organization. We are building a culture where everyone can thrive by owning and driving exceptional results, being humble and leading with trust, serving our customers with excellence, and collaborating and coaching to win. Job Description Norfolk Southern Corporation is currently seeking a Senior SAN Storage Engineer is responsible for the installation, maintenance, administration, and support of all SAN solutions including: Powermax (SRDF/A and Metro), Infinidat (block, NAS, and Metro), NetApp (NAS, Metro Cluster, Block, and Object storage), and Commvault data protection solutions for the enterprise. Offering significant visibility and the chance for impactful contributions within the organization. There are many opportunities for professional growth, learning and developing your cross-platform skills in a diverse technological ecosystem at Norfolk Southern. Responsibilities Design, implement, operate, and maintain enterprise storage solutions. Manage a highly resilient enterprise network attached storage solutions. Support internal private S3 cloud technologies. Support data protection for: Filesystem, transactional database (SQL, Oracle, and DB2), Big-Data, SAP, and Virtual environments (VMware/Nutanix). Produce and maintain HLD & LLD documentation for Storage/Data-Protection environment. Provide on-call support for enterprise storage and data-protection solutions. Apply understanding of storage performance analysis, high availability, resilience, and business continuity. Implement enterprise storage for databases. Demonstrate knowledge of networking, virtualization, and operating systems storage interoperability. Utilize verbal and written communication skills for clear and effective interaction with team members and stakeholders. Able to work independently with minimal supervision and as part of a team. Handle stressful situations and maintain composure under pressure. Skills Required 10+ years supporting enterprise storage and data-protection environments. Experience with SAN storage technology such as Dell EMC, NetApp(NAS/Block) and Infinidat. Storage replication (Dell SRDF, Infinidat, NetApp Snapmirror/Snapvault). SAN technologies from Brocade/Cisco including storage routing and virtual fabrics. Scripting and REST API, Perl, Python, or other automation solutions. Skills Preferred Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Computer Information Systems, Business, Management, Information Systems or Engineering. S3 cloud and hybrid cloud storage. Experience with monitoring tools such as Cloud Insights, Splunk storage integration, SolarWinds storage, or others. Experience with IP storage networking. Solid understanding of VMware & Nutanix storage. Experience implementing NVMe storage solutions in an enterprise environment. Experience with Hyper-Converged solutions. ITIL Foundation or certifications. Work Conditions Environment: Office Remote, ideal candidate must be based or relocated within 60 miles Atlanta. Shift Work: No. On-Call: Yes. Weekend Work: No. Company Overview Since 1827, Norfolk Southern Corporation (NYSE: NSC) and its predecessor companies have safely moved the goods and materials that drive the U.S. economy. Today, it operates a customer-centric and operations-driven freight transportation network. Committed to furthering sustainability, Norfolk Southern helps its customers avoid 15 million tons of yearly carbon emissions by shipping via rail. Its dedicated team members deliver more than 7 million carloads annually, from agriculture to consumer goods, and is the largest rail shipper of auto products and metals in North America. Norfolk Southern also has the most extensive intermodal network in the eastern U.S., serving a majority of the country’s population and manufacturing base, with connections to every major container port on the Atlantic coast as well as the Gulf of Mexico and Great Lakes. Learn more by visiting www.NorfolkSouthern.com. At Norfolk Southern, we believe in celebrating our individuality. By leveraging the unique backgrounds and viewpoints of our employees, we can create a culture of innovation, respect, and inclusion. We know that employees thrive in a workplace where differing viewpoints, ideas, and experiences are freely shared and valued. As such, we encourage all employees to contribute their distinctive skills and capabilities to our organization. Equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants regardless of race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, and gender identity. Together, we power progress.