Title: Assistant Project Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Branch's heavy civil construction division is looking for an Assistant Project Manager for a project in Fairfax County, Virginia. The Assistant Project Manager is responsible for assisting Superintendents and/or Project Managers in coordinating the activities of a project to ensure cost, schedule, document control and quality standards are met. Duties/Responsibilities:May be required to update and monitor Request for Information (RFI) System.May be required to compile, update, and monitor Change Order Request Log.Read and understand elements of all required/applicable contract. With Project Manager is the Company’s authority on contract between the Owner and the Company.Ensure performance of all contract administrative management functions as appropriate or once project is assigned.Attend all meetings w/ Owner’s Representative. Call meetings as necessary to clarify or settle major issues.Develop or approve the appropriate schedule of values for prime and/or subcontract billings.Prepare and review with all appropriate parties and submit by established billing date payment requisitions to OR.Manage Receivables to ensure timely payment.Review and approve monthly subcontractor pay requisitions. Ascertains that necessary accompanying documents (e.g. lien releases) that may be required are received with pay requests.Ensure that subcontracts are drafted and executed in a timely fashion to facilitate project schedule. (Cooperative effort with Estimating.)Ensure the acquisition of permits, bonds and insurance through appropriate channels are required.Closely monitor all Subcontractor performance in order to ascertain that each subcontractor is in compliance with all provisions and requirements of his/her contract with Company. Ensure that all field records are being kept. Perform periodic audits. Ensure that changes are correctly posted to budget and other job tracking systems.Manage and monitor the shop drawing submittal process.Document important transactions, agreements, delays or events relating to contract, (e.g., photos, videotaping, event long) to ensure company’s best interest is served and protected.Efficiently complete project closeout in accordance with contract document and collects retainage in a timely manner.Price, negotiate, and collect for all change orders and extra work, if required by management. (Major changes may required estimating assistance and executive approval.)To the degree assigned in the particular company, participate in, perform or direct the buyout of the project. Solicit, acquire, and contract vendors and subs for items not covered in the initial buyout.Develop and communicate an effective plan in cooperation with the Superintendent for constructing the project and determines the means and methods necessary (including individual work activities) to meet project goals.Ensure that the means and methods of construction employed will maximize production, assure quality, minimize costs and promote safety. Qualifications:High school diploma, supplemented with a minimum of 10 years construction experience, of which at least five years must have been in a leadership capacity ORAssociate degree in an Engineering, Construction Management, or business-related field supplemented by a minimum of 7 years construction experience of which at least three years must have been in a leadership capacity ORBachelor’s degree in an Engineering, Construction Management or a business-related field supplemented with a minimum of five years construction experience, three of which must have been in a leadership capacity.Makes decisions quickly and efficiently and enacts those decision clearlyAccepts full responsibility for actions and acts respectively toward all peersSupports training and development effortsDisplays visionary/strategic thinkingConducts self in an ethical mannerBridge and/or structures experience preferred Competencies:Budgets/Cost ControlCommunicating EffectivelyDriving Projects to CompletionProject ManagementWork Environment/SafetyWorking with Financial Information Travel:The employee will need to be able to travel to and from work office and project site. Physical Demands:The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use their hands and fingers to handle, feel or operate objects, tools, or controls, and reach with hands and arms. The employee is frequently required to stand, talk, and hear. The employee will sometimes need to walk, sit, climb, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, crawl, taste, and smell. The employee must be able to lift or move up to 40lbs. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, midrange vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. Position Type/Expected Hours of Work:This is a full-time which will typically involve 40+ hours per week. AAP/EEO Statement:It has been and will continue to be a fundamental policy of the Company not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or status as a veteran, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law, with respect to recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, and other terms and condition of employment.