Title: Senior AI Engineer
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Riverbed transforms data into actionable insights and accelerates performance so organizations can deliver a seamless digital experience and drive enterprise performance. Riverbed is the only company with the collective richness of telemetry from network to app to end user, that illuminates and then accelerates every digital interaction. Riverbed offers two industry-leading portfolios: Riverbed Observability, a full-stack Observability portfolio that unifies data, insights, and actions across IT, so customers can deliver seamless, secure digital experiences; and Riverbed Acceleration, providing fast, agile, secure acceleration of any app, over any network, to users anywhere. Together with our thousands of partners, and market-leading customers globally – including 95% of the FORTUNE 100 –, we empower every click, every digital experience. Position Job Title: Senior AI Engineer Location Preference: Greater Boston MA; Greater Raleigh/Durham, NC; Greater Dallas, TX Do you want to be at the forefront of Big Data and AI innovation? Do you thrive on tackling complex problems with intelligent solutions at 100-Petabyte Enterprise scale? Do you have a passion for delivering those solutions to production services? If so, then this AI Engineer role is for you! We are looking for a talented and passionate AI Engineer to join our team and play a key role in developing and deploying cutting-edge AI solutions. You will be responsible for the AI lifecycle, from working with the Data Science team designing and building models to implementing production services including testing, deployment, and monitoring of AI solutions in a production SaaS environment. What You Will Do AI service Design and Develop: Design, develop, and implement AI services, algorithms, and machine learning models. Train, test, and evaluate those services and models to ensure accuracy, efficiency, and scalability. Deployment and Integration: Develop and maintain service(s) and infrastructure that provide interfaces for integrating with AI solutions. Monitor and maintain AI solutions in production, identifying and resolving any issues. Data Pipeline Management: Work as part of the engineering team to create robust data pipelines that feed curated data into AI models. Ensure data quality, reliability, and security. Improvement & Growth: Stay up-to-date on the latest advancements in AI and machine learning research. Collaboration: Collaborate with cross-functional teams (data science, engineers, product managers, solutions engineers) to ensure successful integration of AI solutions. Communicate complex technical concepts clearly and concisely to both technical and non-technical audiences. What Makes You An Ideal Candidate Bachelors or Master's degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Engineering, or a related field (or equivalent experience). Strong understanding of machine learning algorithms (deep learning, reinforcement learning, etc.). Strong understanding of Natural Language Processing (NLP) and use of Generative AI Strong programming skills in a microservices structure. (C# .NET preferred) Familiarity with SaaS architecture, microservices and RESTful APIs. Experience working in Cloud platforms (eg. Azure, AWS, GCP). Proven experience in developing and deploying AI models (ideally with experience in Python). Experience working with big data frameworks (Spark, DataBricks, etc.) is a plus. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong communication and collaboration skills. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. What We Offer Our employee benefits including flexible workplace policies, employee resource groups, learning and development resources, career progression pathways, and community engagement initiatives are some of the reasons why we have had great success in bringing in new talent. In addition, our global employee wellness programs are crafted to support the physical, emotional, and financial well-being of our employees. Benefits & Perks vary by Country. About Riverbed With a 20-year history of innovation, Riverbed is agile, yet proven, and we are disrupting the market with differentiated solutions that enable our customers to deliver secure, seamless digital experiences and accelerate enterprise performance While we are a ‘customer-first’ company, we are all about our people with a shared commitment to creating a global impact. We bring our best selves to work and pursue excellence, trust, and respect for one another. We welcome diversity and value and encourage transparency and open communication throughout the company. We strive to be an inclusive, fair, and enjoyable workplace for our people globally and care about their wellbeing. We are committed to our people, partners, and customers while supporting the communities where we work and live. It’s the Power of WE that binds us together. We want people of all backgrounds to see themselves represented and included in our work, so we actively seek to diversify our team and bring more voices to the table. We understand that when people can be themselves, more is possible. We would love to have more people on board to join us on our journey to be better every day! So, come speak with us about career possibilities at Riverbed. Riverbed is an equal employment opportunity/Affirmative Action (EEO/AA) employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy or child birth (including breast feeding), sexual orientation, genetics, genetic information, marital status, veteran status or any other basis protected by and in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Riverbed encourages all of its U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19, but does not presently require its U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated unless such vaccination is required by applicable law or the duties of the specific position. If a specific position requires an employee to be fully vaccinated because of either applicable law or the duties of the position, then the offer of employment will be expressly conditioned on the individual being fully vaccinated for COVID-19 on or prior to their start date and providing proof of such vaccination unless the individual is legally exempt. Check us out on: www.riverbed.com @LifeAtRiverbed Tags #-LI-Remote