Title: Medical Transcriptionist
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Other
Description: It's a great feeling to work for a company that does so much good for others around the world! Academic Req: Required – High school diploma or equivalent; Preferred – Possess a degree in Community Health or Medical Services equivalent. Certifications: Current BLS certification (PALS preferred); First aid; CPR. Work experience: Required – Two (2) years’ experience performing professional administrative work in a health care setting, including medical scribe/healthcare documentation specialist experience and providing Spanish/English transcription of medical documentation. Critical Action Items & Measurable Deliverables: Meet and maintain all federal and state regulatory guidelines and standards applicable to this position. Communicate effectively with Certified Nurse Practitioner, RN Manager, and other medical staff regarding care for service population and be a liaison between the medical and residential services divisions. Maintain electronic medical health care records and federal Medical Portal. Assist in daily MAR audits, ensuring proper documentation. Reporting all medication errors to RN Manager. Compile daily medical lists and distribute them to all designated staff. Assist in medical intake process in collaboration with other medical staff. Maintain confidentiality of health care records and information in keeping with HIPAA, Protected Health Information (PHI) requirements and Compass Connections confidentiality protocol and procedures. Adhere to scheduled hours pertaining to position, remain available for on-call scheduling, and work evenings, weekends and holidays as needed, requested, or deemed appropriate by Deputy Executive Director, Medical Services and Executive Director. Know, understand, and apply positive behavior management techniques including verbal redirection, de- escalation, and containment. Know and recognize the signs of abuse, neglect, exploitation, and sexually provocative behavior and implement professional response, reporting and documenting procedures. Show appreciation and affection toward children in a manner that is compassionate and professional, minimizing cultural misinterpretations. Participate in scheduled meetings and in team decisions and operations. Plan, organize, and prioritize daily work using sound judgment. Implement Compass Connections safety protocols including evacuating with children and other staff in case of an emergency. Maintain confidentiality in all areas of the service population and program operations. Maintain Compass Connections professional and ethical standards of conduct outlined in Compass Connections employee handbook including demonstrating respect for agency staff, children, and community members and always complying with required dress code. Ensure all referrals and orders initiated by Certified Nurse Practitioner are completed and specialty appointments are scheduled. Attending and participating in all on-site medical appointments in the exam room with Certified Nurse Practitioner (i.e., initial medical exam, sick calls, and follow-up appointments). Provide assistance to Certified Nurse Practitioner with translation of verbally reported past medical history, history of present illness, and signs and symptoms as needed. Transcribe all written documentation for Certified Nurse Practitioner into applicable electronic medical record platforms in compliance with federal and licensing standards. Other Responsibilities: Perform all administrative duties of the clinic or designated site(s) in accordance with Compass Connections federal policies and procedures. Administer and execute assigned medical services for service population as prescribed by an advanced practice provider or physician and applying best practice guidelines to include but not limited to medication administration, and well and sick child visits. Complete accurate documentation of activities performed in accordance with agency policies and procedures, contract and regulatory requirements and standards and program timeline requirements. Meet all pre-determined deadlines required by program and federal partners. Other duties as assigned. Requirements: Pass a pre-employment drug screen and random drug screens throughout employment. Provide proof of work eligibility status upon request. Pass pre-employment and biennial criminal background checks. Demonstrate the ability to: Respond sensitively and competently to the service population’s cultural and socio-economic characteristics. Work collaboratively with other staff members, service providers and professionals. Communicate effectively in writing and verbally in English. Work in a fast-paced environment and maintain emotional control and professional composure at all times and make decisions based on the needs of the program and service population. Maintain computer literacy required to meet the responsibilities of the position. Work effectively and without intensive supervision both independently and as a member of a multidisciplinary team. Demonstrate a working knowledge of all Compass Connections policies and procedures. Must complete and sign Operations Policy and Procedure review and certification. Must provide current physical-medical release and provide proof of immunizations, titers, or declinations for the following: MMR Varicella HepB HepA Tetanus PPD Meningococcal (preferred) Must be able to perform physical activity such as extensive walking, lifting of patients, stretching, and bending. Must be able to work in a team environment. Must be able to maintain professional people skills, including oral, written, listening, and non-verbal communication skills. Here at Compass Connections, we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace. Please feel free to apply for this position even if your work experience and education do not align perfectly with every requirement for this job description. You may very well be the perfect candidate for this role or other ones that we have open. Thank you for your interest in joining our mission!Compass Connections is committed to following immunization recommendations produced by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control (CDC). As such, our company policy requires that all employees must receive an annual Influenza vaccination or obtain an approved exemption as a medical or religious accommodation. This is a condition of employment, and all new hires will be responsible for providing proof.Compass Connections is an Equal Employment Opportunity (“EEO”) Employer. It has been and will continue to be a fundamental policy of Compass Connections, not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, veteran or military status, disability, medical condition, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state and/or local laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including hiring, promotion, demotion, compensation, training, working conditions, transfer, job assignments, benefits, layoff, and termination. English (United States) If you like to work with people that believe they can make a difference in the world, this is the company for you! EEO Statement It our policy to provide equal employment opportunity and treat all employees equally regardless of age, race, creed/religion, color, national origin, immigration status or citizenship status, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, sex/gender, gender identity, gender expression, disability, genetic information or genetic predisposition or carrier status, marital status, partnership status, victim of domestic violence, sexual or other reproductive health decisions, or other characteristics protected by applicable law.