Title: Legal Assistant (Mid-Level) BI/UM
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Why USAA? Why USAA? Let’s do something that really matters. At USAA, we have an important mission: facilitating the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. Not all of our employees served in our nation’s military, but we all share in the mission to give back to those who did. We’re working as one to build a great experience and make a real impact for our members. We believe in our core values of honesty, integrity, loyalty and service. They’re what guides everything we do – from how we treat our members to how we treat each other. Come be a part of what makes us so special! The Opportunity As an expert Legal Assistant, you will provide assistance with legal work which is reviewed and approved by the supervising attorney. This includes but is not limited to research, contract administration, document preparation, and trial preparation. The legal work performed differs by practice area and area of specialty such as insurance, banking, investments, financial services, litigation, general corporate, ecommerce/marketing, government relations or labor/employee relations. Legal Assistants have a flexible work environment where your time will be spent at the staff counsel office and working from home. Relocation assistance is not available for this position. What You'll Do Applies proficient knowledge to provide support for the investigative process of a trial by gathering documents and information for legal assignments.Conducts research and analyzes documents to prepare reports of findings and formulate alternatives.Evaluates risk of alternatives and calculates costs of potential liability and assesses benefits/drawbacks.Provides findings to the assigned attorney.May prepare drafts of legal documents such as discovery responses, affidavits, motions, corporate minutes, contracts and other legal documents.Applies proficient knowledge to properly file documents with regulatory authorities, courts, other tribunals, and monitors status.Prepares presentations and briefing material on topics relevant to USAA business.Assembles documents and prepares charts, graphs, and other visual aids to be used as exhibits.Guides and serves as a resource to team members in the delivery of their work products.Oversees management and maintenance of attorneys' files per the attorney's specifications.May assist with administrative tasks to include, but not limited to, calendar responsibilities to ensure all deadlines are met; check writing, check requesting, copying, and handling mail as necessary to ensure continuous business operations.Acts as a liaison between attorney and outside counsel in the exchange of information.Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled in accordance with risk and compliance policies and procedures. What You Have Bachelor’s degree; OR 4 years of related experience (in addition to the minimum years of experience required) may be substituted in lieu of degree.2 years of experience in legal support or related experience to include multi-tasking in a fast paced and sophisticated business environment required.Proficient knowledge of the function/discipline and proven application of knowledge, skills and abilities towards work products required.Interpersonal skills vital to communicate optimally in person, by e-mail and telephone; effectively follow instructions from a diverse group of clients, attorneys and staff; provide reports with professional courtesy and tact.Strong ability to focus on details, demonstrate accuracy, and maintain a high level of confidentiality.Knowledge of Microsoft Office tools. What Sets You Apart Five plus years of experience assisting attorneys in handling discovery, conducting legal research, drafting motions, and performing trial preparation at a personal injury insurance defense law firm in the state of Louisiana.Notary PublicBachelor’s DegreeUS military experience with skills related to one of the following MOS’s: Navy (Legalman (LN), Marines (4421, 4422, 4430), Army (27D/42L/270A), USAF (51JX / 5J0X1) The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job. What We Offer Compensation: USAA has an effective process for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market data of the position. The actual salary for this role may vary by location. The salary range for this position is: $59,290 - $106,230. Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance and at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors. Benefits: At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals. For more details on our outstanding benefits, please visit our benefits page on USAAjobs.com. Applications for this position are accepted on an ongoing basis, this posting will remain open until the position is filled. Thus, interested candidates are encouraged to apply the same day they view this posting. USAA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.