Title: Field Service Technician - Semiconductor
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description Our client is seeking a Field Service Engineering Technician for their Semiconductor business in the Phoenix, AZ area (Chandler/Mesa/Tempe), reporting directly to an assigned worksite 5 days a week and must reside close to Mesa, AZ. The position is full time, paid hourly, based on a 35-hour work week. Responsibilities Install, repair, calibrate, and maintain semiconductor process equipment while minimizing equipment downtime. Escalate advanced repairs as needed, to senior level technicians.Monitor, inspect, and maintain semiconductor equipment to prevent and minimize malfunctions.Maintain accurate documentation of maintenance activity and provide periodic reportsMonitor stock level of service parts and equipment to ensure adequate inventory is available for repair workProvide training and assistance to technicians and potentially basic instruction to customers.Participate in ongoing technical training to expand technical expertise. Qualifications Qualifications: Associates degree or equivalent is required, Bachelors degree preferredMinimum 2-3 years of related (Electromechanical) work experience (i.e. field service engineer or technician position in a semiconductor equipment company or a technical position in the engineering field). Litho experience preferred, experience on high precision equipment helpful.Experience with MS Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.Requires ability to work flexible shifts, compressed workweeks.This position requires driving for company business as an essential function of the job and must remain in compliance with company safety guidelines and policies.Ability to lift to 30 pounds individually and for lifting over 30 pounds assistance may be available.Ability for substantial amount of standing, walking, typing, grasping, as well as occasional kneeling, crouching, stooping, reaching, pushing, pulling, and climbing stairs or ladders.Ability to work in a time sensitive situation with quick resolution. Why Is This a Great Opportunity Our client is a leading provider of consumer, business-to-business, and industrial digital imaging solutions to the United States, Latin America, and the Caribbean markets. Great opportunity to work a more flexible schedule and be on-site at the client daily doing what you love. The position is full-time with benefits starting day one, paying on an hourly basis between $27/hour based on a 35-hour work week ($51,000) and $42/hour based on a 35-hour work week ($75,000) plus overtime. Salary Type : Annual Salary Salary Min : $ 51000 Salary Max : $ 75000 Currency Type : USD