Title: Neurology Opportunity in Albany, NY!
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: St. Peter’s Health Partners Physician Opportunity St. Peters Health Partners Medical Associates, a Trinity Health affiliate, is seeking additional Neurologists to join St. Peter's Neurology located in NY's capital region. With offices located in Albany and Clifton Park, NY, this is excellent opportunity to be a part of a physician-led organization with an established neurology department as it takes its Neurology program to the next level of integration. Position Details Monday- Friday outpatient position with a shared call rotation among providers o An established practice with 3 full-time physicians and team of 3 advanced practitioners: general neurology care in the outpatient office and inpatient rounding/consultation at Samaritan Hospital in Troy, NY Shared rotational call and great practice support Must be able to perform EMG/NCS and EEG. Some sleep study reading is available Recently opened a beautiful new office space Sub-specialty, MS Headache Center, and strong Hospitalist support available. Recruitment Package: Starting Bonus and Competitive salary with incentives Compensation is between $295,000 and $315,000 The posted salary reflects the starting range of total compensation and does not include productivity bonuses, incentives related to quality and performance, extra shift incentives, and other forms of cash compensation as applicable to the position. In addition, providers typically receive a CME allowance and other benefits offered by their medical group employer. Please note that this salary range is provided in accordance with State law and is subject to variation due to the factors noted above.Public Service Loan ForgivenessExcellent benefits; including health/vision/dental insurances Paid malpractice, including post-SPHP employment tail coverageCME time & expense allowancePaid time away from the practiceRetirement savings program with employer matching program. Relocation assistance is available Requirements Applicants should have the following: Board Certified in NeurologyFellowship training in various sub-fields welcome but not required (general care is the primary focus). Applicants should possess excellent clinical skills, communication skills, and a strong commitment to providing excellent care that is team oriented Applicants should desire to provide general neurological care COMMUNITY DESCRIPTION: Discover an excellent work/life balance in NY’s Capital District- a medium sized area offering all the amenities of a larger urban area in a beautiful, scenic, and affordable setting. A stable economic setting; we have a strong and expanding presence in healthcare of every type, in higher education, and enjoy a unique position as the capital of the Empire State. The Capital District includes the cities of Albany, Schenectady, and Troy- and the surrounding area includes Clifton Park and Saratoga Springs. The region has excellent year-round outdoor recreation available, including excellent golf, water-sports of all kinds, camping, hiking, and great skiing. It offers a wealth of cultural offerings and activities, including several renowned museums (the Albany Institute of History and Art, The NY State Museum), theaters (Proctor’s, The Palace) fine dining, and a year-round events calendar full with music and sporting events (The Times Union Center & Saratoga Performing Arts Center.) Excellent public and private schools are available, as are affordable homes and reasonable taxes. Higher education opportunities abound in our region with nearly 30 colleges and universities in the region and we are part of NY’s Tech Valley. To the North: the largest state park in the nation: The Adirondacks: world renowned for hiking, skiing, camping, boating, and countless scenic vistas To the East: Vermont and the beautiful Berkshire Mountains in western Massachusetts To the South: the historic and amazing Catskill Mountains, home to excellent skiing, camping, great fly-fishing, and hiking locations To the West, the beautiful Mohawk Valley & Central Leatherstocking Regions, home to the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown Albany is centrally located: New York City: 2.5 hrs. Boston: 3 hrs. Montreal: 3.5 hrs. Albany is easily accessed via the NYS Thruway, Albany International Airport, and Amtrak Compensation Information $295000.0 / Annually - $295000.0 / Annually