Title: Project Engineer/Manager
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Contract
Description: Our client, is seeking a Project Engineer/Manager to join their team. As a Project Engineer/Manager , you will be part of the department and supporting team. Job Title: Project Engineer/Manager Location: Waverly IA What’s the Job? Ensure safety and ethical conduct throughout project activities. Facilitate clear communication between team members and stakeholders. Drive low-cost, highly efficient operations aligned with Nestlé standards. Ensure compliance with Nestlé Quality System, HACCP, OSHA, and other guidelines. Foster continuous improvement and knowledge sharing within the engineering culture. Manage and protect Nestlé's technological know-how and proprietary information. Strong technical, managerial, and leadership skills. Proficiency in project engineering/management and plant design/construction. Experience in equipment and construction purchasing contracts and permitting requirements. In-depth knowledge of dry powder processing and packaging plants, hygienic design, and 3A standards. Familiarity with regulatory requirements for food safety and equipment. Communication, facilitation, and networking abilities. Experience with TPM, financial analysis, CAPEX budgeting, and NIMT tool. Proficiency in MS Office, MS Project, MS Excel, Basic AutoCAD, and Visio. What’s Needed? Bachelor's degree in Engineering (Mechanical/Process/Chemical/Electrical) with 1-3 years of significant technical field experience or equivalent. Onsite presence in Waverly, IA required with occasional travel for factory acceptance testing and equipment selection. Project management and process engineering experience in food & dairy, cosmetic, pharmaceutical, or consumer products industry preferred. Supervisory experience managing internal and external project team members. Strong background in facilitating change in manufacturing environments. If this is a role that interests you and you’d like to learn more, click apply now and a recruiter will be in touch with you to discuss this great opportunity. We look forward to speaking with you! About ManpowerGroup, Parent Company of:Manpower, Experis, Talent Solutions, and Jefferson Wells ManpowerGroup® (NYSE: MAN), the leading global workforce solutions company, helps organizations transform in a fast-changing world of work by sourcing, assessing, developing, and managing the talent that enables them to win. We develop innovative solutions for hundreds of thousands of organizations every year, providing them with skilled talent while finding meaningful, sustainable employment for millions of people across a wide range of industries and skills. Our expert family of brands – Manpower, Experis, Talent Solutions, and Jefferson Wells – creates substantial value for candidates and clients across more than 75 countries and territories and has done so for over 70 years. We are recognized consistently for our diversity - as a best place to work for Women, Inclusion, Equality and Disability and in 2022 ManpowerGroup was named one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the 13th year - all confirming our position as the brand of choice for in-demand talent.