Title: Customer Service Representative
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Client Service Representative We are seeking an experienced Client Service Representative to join our team. At VCA Animal Hospitals, we take our mission statement – your pet’s health is our top priority and excellent service is our goal – very seriously. With every opportunity, we aim to exceed each pet owner’s expectations. We’re looking for a personable yet highly professional “service extraordinaire” to join us in delivering our mission to our clients and their pets. Why We Need You! As the face of VCA, the Client Service Representative sets the tone for the practice as we build and maintain each customer's trust and confidence in our abilities. The CSR is the pivot around which the hospital operates and is responsible for: Customer service functions, including: greeting visitors, answering telephones, and guiding clients and their pets to exam rooms. Scheduling and confirming appointments. Placing outbound calls for follow-ups and reaching out to prospective clients. Presenting and explaining fees, including processing payments. Recommending, selecting, and obtaining products and services, including prescriptions. Answering questions regarding products and services, including educating clients on general animal husbandry and non-medical pet care (i.e., heartworm prevention, housebreaking, and flea & tick control). Managing medical records, charts, reports and correspondence. Hospital maintenance (including removal of animal waste) and ensuring that facility is neat and clean at all times—both inside and outside. Salary is commensurate with experience and ranges from $17.50 - $18.50 per hour. If you are a current associate, you will need to apply through our internal career site. Please log into Workday and click on the Jobs Hub app or search for Browse Jobs. Benefits: We offer competitive compensation along with a comprehensive benefits package, including medical, dental, vision and paid vacation/sick days, 401(k), generous employee pet discounts and more! The information in this position description indicates the general nature and level of work to be performed. It is not designed to be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of associates assigned to this job. Management reserves the right to revise the job description or require that other tasks be performed when the circumstances of the job change (for example, emergencies, change in personnel, workload, or technical development) We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer - Veterans / Disabled. For a complete EEO statement please see our career page at vcacareers.com