Title: IT Manager
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Our team in Pomona, Johannesburg currently has an opening for a IT Manager To ensure the provision of IT support and End-user support services within the region by recording, prioritising and managing the lifecycle of incident and service requests. YOUR ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES Provide IT strategic alignment for the organisation and allocated regional site support Assist with driving programs/tasks aligning to global standards. Manage IT support team members, who will be responsible and accountable for L1/2 responsibilities. Ensure IT support for the organisation and allocated regions, meeting SLA and target metrics. Ensure the implementation of Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) standards and best practices following the lead and guidance from the ITSM organisation. Develop & maintain business relationships with stakeholders to ensure IT support performance is in line with expectations. Act as a technical escalation point for regional IT Support Services. Comply with Safety, Health and Environment standards. YOUR PROFILE Matric Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field. ITIL certification is highly desirable. Extensive experience with ServiceNow or similar ITSM platforms. Proven track record in leading IT service management teams. Experience in developing and implementing IT policies and processes. Familiarity with IT governance and performance metrics. OUR OFFER Market related INTERESTED? We look forward receiving your application. Brenntag provides equal employment opportunities to qualified applicants and employees of all backgrounds and identities to create a workplace where difference is valued because it forms a resilient and more innovative organization. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, ethnicity, race, religion or belief, parental and family status, or any other protected characteristic. We welcome applications from women, men and non-binary candidates of all ethnicities and socio-economic backgrounds.