Title: Trainer - Onsite - Concord, NC
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Be the spark that brightens days and ignite your career with TTEC’s award-winning employment experience. As a Learning and Development Trainer working onsite in Concord, North Carolina, you’ll be a part of bringing humanity to business. #experienceTTEC Our employees have spoken. Our purpose, team, and company culture are amazing and our Great Place to Work® certification in the United States says it all! What You’ll be Doing Do you have a passion to train and guide others towards best practices? Do you love helping set someone up for success? In this role, you’ll support and actively engage new hires in a training environment to develop their knowledge of our values, employee workspaces, time keeping apps, and training on client products and procedures. You’ll work to make sure each employee is set up for success as they start their new role by teaching, testing, and monitoring absence and attendance throughout the training process. You’ll report to the Training Manager. We’re looking for a Trainer to welcome and excite new hires as they start their new careers. Must be willing to travel and have open availability. Site Location: 4601 Corporate Dr NW #115, Concord, NC 28027 During a Typical Day, You’ll Inspire and motivate learners to reach for amazing Mentor and coach new hires within client training goals and time frames Bring your interest in helping others to start their career journeys successfully Deliver high quality client product training What You Bring To The Role High school diploma or equivalent 6 months or more in training and adult learning or call center experience Team building and nurturing an inclusive learning environment Engage and support your trainees in making sure they have the proper tools and systems knowledge to accomplish day-to-day tasks Computer experience What You Can Expect An annual incentive program Health and wellness programs Paid time off (PTO) Tuition reimbursement and access to thousands of free online courses Visit https://mybenefits.ttec.com/?manual for more information. The anticipated range is $21-$22.75. Actual compensation offers to a candidate may vary based upon geographic location, work experience, education and/or skill levels. About TTEC Our business is about making customers happy. That's all we do. Since 1982, we've helped companies build engaged, pleased, profitable customer experiences powered by our combination of humanity and technology. On behalf of many of the world's leading iconic and hypergrowth brands, we talk, message, text, and video chat with millions of customers every day. These exceptional customer experiences start with you. TTEC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer where all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. TTEC embraces and is committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce that respects and empowers the cultures and perspectives within our global teams. We aim to reflect the communities we serve, by not only delivering amazing service and technology, but also humanity. We make it a point to make sure all our employees feel valued, belonging, and comfortable being their authentic selves at work. As a global company, we know diversity is our strength because it enables us to view things from different vantage points and for you to bring value to the table in your own unique way. Onsite Primary Location US-NC-Concord