Title: Senior YouTube Media Specialist
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: If you need assistance during the recruiting process due to a disability, please reach out to our Recruiting Accommodations Team through the Accommodation Request form. This form is used only by individuals with disabilities who require assistance or adjustments in applying and interviewing for a job. This form is not for inquiring about a position or the status of an application. Senior YouTube Media Specialist We are looking for a curious, creative and growth oriented digital media professional to join Expedia Group’s in-house media team, managing YouTube campaigns across our portfolio of exciting and innovative global travel brands! Reporting to the Senior Manager, CTV & Audio, you'll support the planning, activation, and vendor relationships focusing on YouTube. You will be an established performer who consistently applies media planning/buying capabilities, principles and playbooks to respond to stakeholder requests and work with external vendors to solve business issues and opportunities, with a moderate level of guidance and direction. What You'll Do Consistently responds to stakeholder requests in an accurate, timely and professional mannerSupports taking media briefs, managing, and optimizing campaigns and reporting on effectiveness and efficiency of activities/campaignsAbility to quickly adapt to shifting priorities and collaborate with key stakeholders across the business (Brand, Comms Planning, Creative) to articulate plans and performanceManage relationships with media partners and publishers to develop effective plans, negotiate to improve media efficiency, and identify custom partnership opportunitiesSolid understanding of key terminology and key performance indicators in the industryResearch industry information to determine potential innovative partnerships for our brandsCompleting and submitting trafficking requests for campaign launches in a timely fashion and ensuring high quality of ad delivery Who You Are 4+ years in a media related role within an agency or a client teamBachelor's or master’s degree in a related field or equivalent related professional experienceHands on experience working within a DSP (Google Ads Preferred)Basic knowledge of ad serving and trafficking digital campaignsAble to support taking media briefs, managing, and optimizing campaigns and reporting on effectiveness and efficiency of activities/campaignsProficient in MS Excel and PowerPointStrong communication skills, both oral and writtenExperience working in Agile methodologies and practices (preferred, not essential)Eager to learn new media channels within the media industry The total cash range for this position in West Hollywood is $82,500.00 to $115,500.00. Employees in this role have the potential to increase their pay up to $132,000.00, which is the top of the range, based on ongoing, demonstrated, and sustained performance in the role. Starting pay for this role will vary based on multiple factors, including location, available budget, and an individual’s knowledge, skills, and experience. Pay ranges may be modified in the future. Expedia Group is proud to offer a wide range of benefits to support employees and their families, including medical/dental/vision, paid time off, and an Employee Assistance Program. To fuel each employee’s passion for travel, we offer a wellness & travel reimbursement, travel discounts, and an International Airlines Travel Agent (IATAN) membership.View our full list of benefits. About Expedia Group Expedia Group (NASDAQ: EXPE) powers travel for everyone, everywhere through our global platform. Driven by the core belief that travel is a force for good, we help people experience the world in new ways and build lasting connections. We provide industry-leading technology solutions to fuel partner growth and success, while facilitating memorable experiences for travelers. Expedia Group's family of brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Vrbo®, trivago®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Hotwire®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Expedia Group™ Media Solutions, Expedia Local Expert®, CarRentals.com™, and Expedia Cruises™. © 2021 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. CST: 2029030-50 Employment opportunities and job offers at Expedia Group will always come from Expedia Group’s Talent Acquisition and hiring teams. Never provide sensitive, personal information to someone unless you’re confident who the recipient is. Expedia Group does not extend job offers via email or any other messaging tools to individuals to whom we have not made prior contact. Our email domain is @expediagroup.com. The official website to find and apply for job openings at Expedia Group is careers.expediagroup.com/jobs. Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. This employer participates in E-Verify. The employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization.