Title: store manager - Reno, NV
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Now Brewing – Future Leaders! #tobeapartner Starbucks is known for developing extraordinary leaders who drive business success by doing the right thing for partners (employees), customers and communities – globally. As a Starbucks leader you are driven by a deep sense of purpose. You are aspirational - never a bystander. You take action to make a positive difference every day, and you inspire others to do the same. Benefit Information Our Store Managers bring the Starbucks experience to life by managing store operations, driving financial success, building great teams, and building a meeting place in their communities. They delight and uplift customers through a human connection. Their work goes beyond a perfectly made beverage; it’s about human connection. They enjoy being able to achieve these aspirations autonomously, while leveraging our world class brand and business practices. We will enable you, leveraging your retail experience, to autonomously: Grow a successful, multi-million dollar business: drive sales leveraging your business acumen, efficiency and problem solving skillsNurture talent & lead a team: engage the hearts and minds of your team and develop their skills so that they realize their personal best, both as individuals and as thriving teamsInspire others: become a dynamic brand ambassador dedicated to driving and achieving results through your teamImpact your Community: integrate your business with the community to create better moments in peoples’ lives, from our partners to our customers, communities and planet We'd Love To Hear From People With 3 years retail / customer service management experience or4+ years of US Military serviceStrong organizational, interpersonal and problem solving skillsEntrepreneurial mentality with experience in a sales focused environment Strong leadership skills and the ability to coach and mentor team partners with professional maturityMinimum High School or GED Requirements Legal documentation establishing your identity and eligibility to be legally employed in the country in which you apply.Ability to work full time (the work regularly demands in excess of 40 hours per week) including variable hours including early mornings, evenings, weekends and/ or holidays. Let us give you the opportunity to grow as an individual, to build lasting relationships and make an impact in a place where people, quality and value mean everything. Join us and connect with something bigger, apply today! Starbucks is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, marital status, military or veteran status, gender identity and expression, genetic information, or any other factor protected by law. We are committed to creating a diverse and welcoming workplace that includes partners with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We believe that enables us to better meet our mission and values while serving customers throughout our global communities. People of color, women, LGBTQIA+, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with all federal state and local ordinances. Starbucks Corporation is committed to offering reasonable accommodations to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at applicantaccommodation@starbucks.com.