Title: Team Leader
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Temporary
Description: Overall Job Summary The Team Leader is responsible for assisting the Store Manager and Assistant Store Manager with the execution of operational, sales, and merchandising objectives by delivering a Legendary Customer Experience. The Team Leader is also responsible for promoting a safe and productive work environment for all Team Members, customers, and vendors, as well as training Team Members on the appropriate application of policies and procedures. Do you love the life out here and want to share it with others? At Tractor Supply we strive to make the life out here a little bit better each day for both our neighbors and our teams. Essential Duties and Responsibilities (Min 5%) It is essential that you be available, flexible, adaptable, and service-oriented, as you must be able to fulfill all of the following requirements: Maintain regular and predictable attendance. Work scheduled shifts, and have the ability to work varied hours, days, nights, weekends, and overtime as dictated by business needs. Uphold and promote a safe and productive work environment by following and enforcing policies and procedures. Deliver on our promise of Legendary Customer Service through GURA:Greet the Customer. Uncover Customer’s Needs & Wants. Recommend Product Solutions. Ask to Add Value & Appreciate the Customer. The Team Leader is required to perform a combination of the following duties during 95 percent of their day. Although the mix may vary from one day to another, our business and staffing model makes it essential that every person in the Team Leader position be able to perform all of the following duties accurately, efficiently and safely on a regular basis and without advance notice:Execute assigned basic, promotional, and seasonal merchandising activities. Perform Opening/Closing procedures. Transport and make deposits to bank. Assess store conditions and assign duties. Organize and prioritize workflow through the use of the daily planner. Recovery of merchandise. Participate in mandatory freight process. Perform regular and promotional price change activities. Resolve customer complaints/issues and ensure the customer has a Legendary shopping experience that differentiates from the competition. Adhere to loss prevention standards and respond to any alarm calls as needed. Communicate with Team Members on job functions, responsibilities and financial goals. Operate cash register/computer supervising cash handling procedures. Assist Team Members on appropriate application of policies and procedures. Ensure the safety and well-being of birds. Sanitize and maintain poultry holding tanks and care for birds as required. Operate Forklift and Baler. Complete all documentation associated with any of the above job duties. May be required to perform other duties as assigned. Required Qualifications Experience: Retail experience and/or farming, ranching, pet/equine, or welding knowledge is strongly preferred. Supervisory experience preferred. Must be at least 18 years of age and possess a valid driver’s license. Education : High school diploma or equivalent is preferred, but not required. Regardless of education level, you must be able to read, write, and count accurately. Preferred Knowledge, Skills Or Abilities Basic computer skills. Ability to read, write, and count accurately. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to resolve issues ethically and with minimal conflict. Ability to perform and execute principle responsibilities of Team Members. Working Conditions Working environment is favorable, generally working inside with moderate noise. Work shifts vary from one store to another, but generally are no less than 4 hours and may exceed 8 hoursPromote a safe and productive work environment for Team Members and customers and adhere to Company safety training and guidelinesIndoor floors and outdoor lots generally are hard surfaces (concrete, asphalt, etc.) lighting and temperature are adequate. Ability to work outdoors in adverse weather conditions. Physical Requirements Ability to move and transfer merchandise, weighing up to 50 pounds, throughout the store. Ability to push and pull merchandise up to 2,000 pounds with the assistance of proper material handling equipment (e.g. pallet jack). Ability to occasionally lift or reach merchandise overhead. Ability to frequently stand, kneel, twist, crouch, squat, bend, stoop, and climb ladders. Ability to move throughout the store for an entire shift. Ability to safely access all areas of the store including selling floor, side lot, stock area, and register area. Ability to operate and use all equipment necessary to run a store (e.g. dolly, handtruck, forklift, baler, computer, cash register) (forklift and baler requirements do not apply if under the age of 18). Ability to constantly operate store equipment such as computer, cash register, and other store equipment. Ability to read, write, and count accurately to complete all documentation. Ability to utilize strong written and verbal communication skills to communicate effectively with team members and customers. Ability to process information / merchandise through the point-of-sale system. Ability to handle and be in contact with birds/poultry. Ability to successfully complete training and certification to dispense propane, and to dispense propane (propane certification and dispensing requirement does not apply if under the age of 18). Ability to successfully complete all required training. Ability to travel as required in support of district needs. Ability to drive or operate a vehicle for business needs. This position is non-sedentary. Disclaimer This job description represents an overview of the responsibilities for the above referenced position. It is not intended to represent a comprehensive list of responsibilities. A team member should perform all duties as assigned by his/ her supervisor.