Title: Fitness Center General Manager
Experience Level: Director
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Overview: We are currently seeking a reliable and dedicated General Manager to work at a high-profile company’s fitness center located in Raleigh, NC. In this role, you will manage and direct all operations, staffing, revenue and expense goals and marketing aspects of the site, as well as assume the key responsibility (and assist the Client Coordinator) in the marketing, promotion, planning and staffing of programs. You will act as a direct liaison between the Company and the Client. Although you will spend less time on the site floor, you will still maintain a high profile with your team and members. What you will do: Provide leadership to set the tone and personality of the site by making it a motivating and engaging place to work.Implement product capabilities, programs and marketing for member engagement.Take responsibility for primary human capital responsibilities, such as hiring, coaching, motivating, scheduling, training, developing, evaluating, assigning projects and workload to and, when necessary, terminating team members. Respond to members’ feedback and concerns in a timely and professional manner while providing excellent customer service. Provide recurring reports to your direct leadership.Ensure that your team is providing gold-standard customer service and programming.Encourage professional development for your team and enhance retention.Implement and follow policies and procedures. What we are looking for: A bachelor’s degree, with two to three years of management experience.Ability to multi-task, and to execute time management, problem-solving, organization and follow-up skills.Ability to hire, coach, train and develop team members.Knowledge of financial reporting, such as budgeting, forecasting and strategic business planning.Prior experience in a corporate fitness or spa setting.Current CPR/AED and First Aid certifications.Competence with Microsoft Suite (Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook) and finance and payroll systems. About Us: Plus One, part of the Optum Workplace Well-being portfolio of services, provides fitness and well-being services to clients across a broad range of industries, driving employee engagement in health and wellness programs. Our services include fitness, nutrition, ergonomics, wellness coaching and health promotion. Our team members believe that the most effective way to help people adopt a healthier lifestyle is through personal connections infused with hospitality, empathy and a lot of fun. Perks of working at Plus One, an Optum company*: Health and financial: Medical plan choices with Health Reimbursement Account (HRA) and Health Savings Account (HSA) optionsDental and Vision coverage plans401(k) Retirement & Savings PlanLife Insurance (team member, spouse and dependents)Short and Long Term Disability PlansAccident & Critical Illness InsuranceTransportation and Parking PlansPaid parental leave Well-being: Paid time offWellness rewards programFree memberships to various fitness facilities and wellness subscriptions24/7 health and wellness support through the Employee Assistance programEntertainment and consumer discountsDedication to ensuring a cohesive and inclusive culture led by an internal diversity, equity and inclusion council Growth and development: Free professional development courses through internal learning management systemsDiscounted certifications through industry leading agenciesFree CPR/AED certificationsFree continuing education courses and creditsEmployee Referral Reward programPlease note, some of the benefits listed above are only available to team members who work full time hours. Equal opportunity statement Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere. Plus One, an Optum Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. For residents of California, Colorado, New York City, and Washington only: The hourly rate for this position ranges from $22 to $40. Pay is based on several factors including, but not limited to, education, work experience, certifications, geographic differentials, and other business and organizational needs. In addition to the hourly rate, Plus One offers a comprehensive benefits package (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements), which includes health insurance, life and disability benefits, 401(k) plan, and paid time off. Plus One, an Optum Company, adheres to all federal, state, and local minimum wage requirements.