Title: Semiconductor Equipment Engineer - 2nd shift
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Date Posted: 2024-04-11 Country: United States of America Location: CA746: Goleta 75 Coromar Bldg B03 75 Coromar Drive Building B03, Goleta, CA, 93117-3088 USA Position Role Type: Onsite About Us: At Raytheon, the foundation of everything we do is rooted in our values and a higher calling – to help our nation and allies defend freedoms and deter aggression. We bring the strength of more than 100 years of experience and renowned engineering expertise to meet the needs of today’s mission and stay ahead of tomorrow’s threat. Our team solves tough, meaningful problems that create a safer, more secure world. Job Summary: Raytheon Vision Systems (RVS) is a world leader in the research, design, and manufacturing of focal plane arrays and flight-based vision systems. We have an opportunity for a talented Early in Career 2nd shift Semiconductor Equipment Engineer with RVS manufacturing center. Visit RVS: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zixvFAC2kA Explore Raytheon in Goleta: https://careers.rtx.com/global/en/raytheon-goleta-ca-location The Equipment Engineer will apply specialized knowledge and skills in maintenance engineering. Responsible for implementing inspection and maintenance processes to ensure optimal performance condition of sophisticated machinery and processing equipment. Involves introduction and application of new developments and repair techniques in maintenance engineering. Repair, adjust, and maintain production equipment, machinery, or instruments to ensure that it functions reliably and complies with process specifications. Respond to emergencies, breakdowns, malfunctions, and other operating problems to minimize disruptions to manufacturing processes. Implement an established maintenance program and maintain detailed maintenance records so that recurring problems with machinery, equipment, or parts can be identified and addressed. Set, calibrate, or adjust equipment, machinery, and instruments so that it complies with production specifications or instructions. Maintain tools and repair equipment in good working order. Responsibilities to Anticipate: Identifying and use basic electronic test equipment and common hand/power tools Modeling and designing coatings for manufacture in-house. Work in clean room environment, and capable to lifting 28lbs. Read schematics, engineering and technical drawings. Communicate technical documentation effectively both written and verbally. Conduct routine preventive maintenance. Basic Qualifications: Typically requires a university degree or equivalent experience and 2 years of related experience in support in a production environment. U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are authorized to access information under this program/contract. Preferred Qualifications: Experience with Capital Equipment manufacturing and test equipment. Experience in maintenance troubleshooting and repair of semiconductor processing equipment. Experience with electro / mechanical devices. Ability to use Microsoft Office and work within computer operating systems for daily input. Technical Military Training / Experience. Experience in Production Equipment Support of: Probers, High Vacuum Systems, Cryogenics, Compressors, Turbo Pumps, Etch and Deposition systems and Lithography. What We Offer: Whether you’re just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, we offer a total rewards package that goes above and beyond with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits; career development and recognition programs. Some of the benefits we offer include parental (including paternal) leave, flexible work schedules, achievement awards, educational assistance and child/adult backup care. The salary range for this role is 70,000 USD - 142,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills. Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance. This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply. RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window. RTX is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms 01689730