Title: Human Resources Coordinator
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Since 1946, Davis-Ulmer Sprinkler Co. has been providing full-service fire sprinkler, suppression, alarm, and security systems to its customers, while maintaining our reputation as being one of the best companies in the business in the Northeast region. Davis-Ulmer contributes its success to their loyal employees and customers. The company's overall work force has grown and as we move forward, we foresee continued expansion throughout the Northeast. At Davis-Ulmer we believe that investing and empowering our employees as leaders develops an organization that delivers innovative solutions and services that create a superior customer experience. The unique blend of our leader's abilities and the ownership of their work, combined with our culture and values, creates something that is simply described as the Davis-Ulmer difference. Due to continued growth, we are actively seeking an experience HR Coordinator to join our Davis-Ulmer Support Team in Rochester, NY. As the HR Coordinator, you will be responsible for providing administrative support to The People Team. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Human Resources: Sets up new hire drug testing and complete the new hire background checks following company and Collective Bargaining Agreement policies.Maintains electronic employee files.Processes Leave of Absence and Disability claims.Updates payroll system with benefit deduction changesEmployee liaison for benefit questions and open enrollmentUpdate the Learning Management System (LMS) with new hire follows-through to ensure completion.Assist in posting jobs on the application tracking website and work with branches on set-up of interviews, follow-through with candidates.Facilitates new hire orientation and updates as needed.May perform internal annual audits of processes and procedures.Other related duties as assigned.Safety: Administer the Safety Incentive Program to ensure points are distributed as per the policy.Assists with onboarding of new hires and sets up training reminders, as well as follow-up.Orders and records Safety Incentive Program PurchasesOther related duties as assigned. Qualifications/Requirements: Associate degree preferred, or a combination of schooling and experience.Previous experience in HR preferred.Experience in an office setting working with confidential information.Proven computer proficiency (Outlook, Word, Excel), with advanced Excel skills a plusHigh aptitude for customer servicePrioritization and management of multiple tasksDependable, accurate, and detail orientedMust be a self-starter who takes initiative and anticipates needs.Ability to effectively and professionally communicate with all levels of management and employees.Must possess a strong work ethic and be a team player, while maintaining a confidential work environment Certifications, Licenses & Registrations: SHRM or PHR certification a plus, but not required. WHY WORK FOR DAVIS-ULMER FAMILY OF COMPANIES? We offer competitive pay for experienced individuals.We are owned by the APi Group, a publicly traded, multi-billion-dollar corporation based in Minnesota. This is a benefit that provides financial support and backing, world-class training, and leadership development.We offer an industry leading benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, and additional voluntary benefits.We are an engaged organization with strong and authentic values, with clear evidence of trust and fairness, where two-way promises and commitments are understood and fulfilled.We hire people whose values align with ours. This is a key element of our People/Talent Development Operating Code.We believe if you invest in the right people, you will create long-lasting professional relationships that benefit everyone.Salar Range: $44,800- $56,000 Davis-Ulmer and our Family of Companies offer a competitive benefits package which includes health, dental, and vision insurance, a 401K match program, employer funded profit-sharing plan and a variety of voluntary benefits. Davis-Ulmer and its subsidiaries are affirmative action and equal opportunity employers, and do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected status or characteristic. Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran DAVIS-ULMER'S ENDURING PURPOSE: "To protect what you value most."