Title: Vetco Veterinary Assistant ND
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Create a healthier, brighter future for pets, pet parents and people! If you want to make a real difference, create an exciting career path, feel welcome to be your whole self and nurture your wellbeing, Petco is the place for you. Our core values capture that spirit as we work to improve lives by doing what’s right for pets, people and our planet. We love all pets like our ownWe’re the future of the pet industryWe’re here to improve livesWe drive outstanding results togetherWe’re welcome as we are Petco is a category-defining health and wellness company focused on improving the lives of pets, pet parents and Petco partners. We are 29,000 strong, working together across 1,500+ pet care centers, 250+ Vetco Total Care hospitals, hundreds of preventive care clinics, eight distribution centers and two support centers. As a Vetco Veterinary Assistant, you will meet your veterinary team at our local dispatch office, then travel to your assigned Petco clinic locations for the day. At the clinics, your team of veterinary assistants will greet the pet parents and recommend the veterinary services that will best protect their pets. The Veterinary Assistant will assist the Veterinarian so the services can be administered and thank the pet parent for protecting their pet! Essential Job Functions The incumbent must be able to perform all of the following duties and responsibilities with or without a reasonable accommodation. Must love dogs and cats...and people too! Team player who thrives on supporting the team in every way Make educated recommendations to our clients and providing exceptional customer service Works hard and has fun doing it! - Eager to learn Ability to work in changing environments, traveling throughout our Market Responsible and accountable individuals A can-do attitude Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. To translate this webpage to Spanish or other languages on your internet browser click the translate button to the right of your browser address bar. Additional instruction can be found here: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/173424?hl=en-GB&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop Para Traducir Esta Página Web Al Español u Otros Idiomas En Su Navegador De Internet, Haga Clic En El Botón De Traducción a La Derecha De La Barra De Direcciones De Su Navegador. Puede Encontrar Instrucciones Adicionales Aquí https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/173424?hl=en-GB&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop