Title: Continuous Improvement Engineer
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Hunter Douglas is the world’s leading manufacturer of window coverings and a major manufacturer of architectural products. We are a brand that you know and trust. With more than 100 years of innovation, we’ve defined our industry with proprietary products that deliver revolutionary style and functionality and can be found in millions of homes and commercial buildings globally. We are searching for candidates that are driven, intelligent, creative, and entrepreneurial. By offering challenging and accelerated opportunities for growth, powered by a shared hunger for success, we create a space for your career to thrive. In return for your expertise, we are committed to providing competitive and robust total compensation and benefit packages to ensure you feel valued. Our dream is to become the fastest growing, most loved, window covering company in the world. What’s yours? Position Overview This role is responsible for facilitating a culture of continuous improvement and employee engagement.Research, plans, trains, executes and supports operational improvement programs in order to create a culture of continuous improvement and lean manufacturing that leads to associate empowerment, elimination of waste, and improvements in safety, quality, service and cost. Leverage the adherence to standard work and the execution of the Lean Management System. Leads Kaizen events per Program guidelines designed to forward and sustain continuous improvement initiatives. Identify opportunities for Kaizen events that provide quantifiable and sustainable results. Communicate metrics for measurement of continuous improvement; monitor and analyze quantitative and qualitative results related to initiatives on a continual basis. What You'll Do Promotes a safety culture and the implementation of safety policies and training in compliance with the company safety program and OSHA regulations to eliminate work related injuries.Lead Kaizen events and continuous improvement projects through cross-functional team facilitation and project management.Use lean manufacturing tools (e.g., Value Stream Mapping, Kaizen, Charters, 5S, Gemba walks, LMS, Root cause problem solving) to identify and develop solutions that drive operational improvement in Safety, Quality, Delivery and Cost.Mentoring associates in the use of Lean tools, ensuring transfer of knowledge, and creating a culture of continuous improvement.Collect and analyze the data on Plant processes, procedures and performance using evaluation tools and make recommendations on improvement opportunities.Track, monitor, and report regularly on project status; monitor product and process improvement milestones to ensure on-time completion and sustainability.Steering committee participation.Analyze, develop, ratify, implement, and standardize manufacturing best practices.All other duties as assigned Who You Are Problem identification and resolution skillsCommitment to eliminating all forms of wasteAbility to plan, prioritize and organize work with some supervision; ability to handle multiple tasks with a track record of successful completion.Enforce a culture of continuous improvement for quality and efficiency.Foster an environment of collaboration.Maintain motivation and enthusiasm through development to drive CI culture.Ability to work independently, making decisions regarding daily functions/priorities while reporting non-routine decisions to Management.Analytical and interpersonal skills along with computer skills, i.e. SAP, BW, Excel, Word, PPTX.Understanding of and commitment to manufacturing excellence.Focus on quality and the customer experience. What's In It For You Annual base salary range: $73,000.00- $82,000.00 Bonus target range: 10-20%Generous benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life, disabilityA company culture that prioritizes internal development and professional growthTime off with pay 401(k) plan with a degree of employer matchingPaid parental leaveWellness programs and product discounts Please note, all offers presented to candidates are carefully crafted to ensure market competitiveness, equity, and reflect the individual candidate’s education, experience, skills and potential. Hunter Douglas is an Equal Opportunity Employer and complies with applicable employment laws. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled are encouraged to apply.