Title: Part-Time Beauty Advisor - Sephora
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Drive sales through an authentic passion for beauty. Engaging Clients through identifying their needs with a consultative approach, top beauty brands and best in class merchandise sets. Key Accountabilities Builds strong Client loyalty and drives sales through hospitality mentality. Influences Clients by identifying their needs and suggesting products to drive sales- identifies the opportunity to upsell products and services.Demonstrates credibility to the Client through knowledge of products and beauty trends. Inspires Clients through demonstrating products and application of products to drive sales. Accountable for excellent merchandise operations, supporting merchandise sets, maintenance of testers and cleanliness and hygiene standards.Supports inventory management and pricing within the department.Supports visual elements of the shop and communicates missed or damaged product/fixtures to the Supervisor. Demonstrates continuous curiosity with both Clients and self to learn and expand their knowledge in the beauty industry. Essential Functions The requirements listed below are representative of functions an associate will be required to perform and the associate may be required to perform additional functions. The company may revise this job description from time to time. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions, absent undue hardship. Ability to perform the Key AccountabilitiesAbility to maintain prompt and regular attendance as set by the company. Ability to comply with dress code requirements.Ability to learn and comply with all company policies, procedures, standards and guidelines.Ability to receive, understand and proactively respond to direction from supervisors/managers and other company personnel. Ability to work as part of a team and interact effectively with others.Ability to work in a fast paced environment and accomplish multiple tasks within established timeframes.Ability to satisfactorily complete company training programs.Basic math and reading skills, legible handwriting, and basic computer operation.Ability to operate and communicate on multiple frequency devices, handheld scanners, and other technology equipment as directed.Availability to work days, nights, and weekends.Perform work in accordance with the Physical Requirements section. Physical Requirements Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs. frequently and occasionally over 50 lbs. with a two person lift.Ability to climb, squat, stoop, kneel, crouch, bend, twist, reach, lift, grasp, push and pull on a frequent basis.Ability to stand and/walk for the duration of a scheduled shift (at least 8 hours).Ability to visually verify information and locate and inspect merchandise.Ability to wear a face mask or covering and other personal protective equipment.Ability to withstand exposure to varying temperatures, humidity, and other elements while performing certain job duties including but not limited to curbside, truck unload, etc.Minimum Qualifications Authentic passion for beauty Client facing Retail or Service Industry experienceExcellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to influence in a clear and concise manner. Naturally curious; desire to learn Commitment to valuing diversity and contributing to an inclusive work environment Minimum Qualifications Authentic passion for beauty Client facing Retail or Service Industry experienceExcellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to influence in a clear and concise manner. Naturally curious; desire to learn Commitment to valuing diversity and contributing to an inclusive work environment Pay Range: $16.95 - $22.05 Kohl’s offers a variety of benefits to associates depending on full-time/part-time status and work hours, including: WORK LIFE BALANCE (PTO, Vacation Buy Program, Parental Leave), HEALTH & WELLNESS (Medical, Dental, Vision and other short and long term disability programs, Emergency health and wellness programs such as Accident Protection Plans, Critical Illness Plans and more), SAVINGS & RETIREMENT BENEFITS (401k, Flexible Spending Accounts and associate discount programs with Kohl’s partners), INSURANCE PROGRAMS (Life Insurance for you, your family or your pet, as well as other protection programs), and LIFE EVENTS (Legal and adoption assistance benefits). req# : R351369