Title: B2B Sales Consultant
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: B2B Sales ConsultantMelbourne, FL Are you a driven and independent sales professional looking to take the next step in your career? Are you a self-starter with B2B sales experience? Pella Corporation is looking for a B2B Sales Consultant for the Melbourne market. We are seeking a confident, outgoing Sales Consultant who is self-disciplined and enjoys a challenge. We provide independence and an exciting, fast paced, and fun work environment. We look for you to provide a competitive drive, outgoing nature, and the will to be the best B2B Sales Consultant in the industry. B2B Sales Consultants with Pella Corporation are responsible for:Building the Pella brand within the trade industry as their premier choice for window and door solutions.Consistently achieving individual sales goals through our selling model throughout all Pella product offerings.Providing well-rounded solutions, market expertise, and partnership by understanding customer needs and developing relationships with builders, contractors, architects, professional remodelers, and trade organizations.Proactively originating new customer relationships through networking, referrals, and face-to-face meetings.Helping customers grow their business and offer a single point of contact for their ongoing needs.Continually striving for 100% “Very Satisfied” customers. Pella Corporation offers the following:Uncapped commission-based compensation with bonus opportunities and mileage reimbursementExcellent training programs and career development opportunitiesFull benefits package which includes Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401k PlansRemote work from your home-based officeQuality engineered product solutions that are unmatched in the window and door industrySolid reputation of the Pella BrandSmartphone, tablet, laptop computer, and product samples provided About UsPella Corporation, headquartered in Pella, IA, is an innovative leader in creating a better view for homes and businesses by designing, testing, manufacturing, and installing quality windows and doors for new construction, remodeling, and replacement applications. Founded in 1925, Pella is a family-owned and professionally managed privately held company, known for its history of innovation, making outstanding products, providing quality service, and delivering on customer satisfaction. The company is committed to incorporating new technologies, increasing productivity, and practicing environmental stewardship. Apply today at www.pellacareers.com and learn about your future as a Sales Representative of Pella Windows and Doors. QualificationsTo perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or ExperienceBachelor’s degree (B. A.) from four-year college or university; or one to two years related experience and/or training, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Individual’s motor vehicle record must also comply with company requirements. Must have the ability to manage multiple-tasks in an environment of constant interruptions and be able to prioritize responsibilities. Language and Communication SkillsAbility to read and analyze documents related to contracts and work documents. Ability to write reports and business correspondence. Ability to verbally present information and respond to questions from customers, managers, and the general public. Professional SkillsMust present a clean and neat physical appearance and strictly abide by company dress code serving as a role model for other employees, customer and visitors. Reasoning AbilitiesAbility to solve practical and arithmetic problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Physical DemandsWhile performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to drive an automobile, stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds, and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds using proper lifting techniques. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, and ability to adjust focus. The noise level in the work environment varies between low to moderate in administrative offices and to moderate on constructions sites. TravelThe vast majority of travel will be local. Must be able to drive to showrooms, job sites and customer/contractor locations and required company functions at various locations. Condition of EmploymentPella Corporation is committed to workforce diversity. Pella is a Tobacco-Free Work Environment. Pella participates in E- Verify. Pella will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Equal Employment OpportunityPella Corporation provides a working environment free of discrimination and harassment. Pella Corporation treats all persons equally, regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age or disability, as each is protected under federal law. A number of states in which Pella operates have laws protecting classifications of Team Members not necessarily protected under federal law. Therefore, Pella also treats all persons equally, regardless of political affiliation and belief, pregnancy, national origin, age, creed, marital status, military status, sexual orientation, mental disorder, veteran status, ancestry, or handicap as each category is protected under a municipal ordinance or state law.