Title: Design Manager Senior
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: How to Apply A cover letter and resume are important submissions for the hiring team to get a sense of your experience. In the cover letter, in two pages or less, please let us know how you will align your career aspirations and skills. Submit both a cover letter and resume as one file (because of system limitations). What You'll Do The Center for Academic Innovation (CAI) at the University of Michigan is looking for an experienced project manager who uses risk management techniques to create agreement and communicate clear decisions among partners, including CAI colleagues, program administrators, and U-M faculty members. You will manage the end-to-end design process of the development of online courses and many academic innovation projects. Also, the Design Manager Senior contributes through independent management of important center initiatives. The Design Manager Senior will report to the Design Management Lead. Who We Are About The Center For Academic Innovation Through curricular innovation, tools for student success and equity, and educational research, the University of Michigan Center for Academic Innovation is building the future of education. Our vision is a future in which education connects and empowers learners everywhere to reach their full potential throughout their lives. To realize our vision, we make it our mission to collaborate across campus and around the world to create equitable, lifelong educational opportunities for learners everywhere. About Online Learning At CAI The Online Learning teams within CAI collaborate across the Center and University to develop online learning experiences that support the future of education for a global community. We work with faculty and academic unit leaders to envision how they can expand the reach and effect, advance teaching, and support greater access and lifelong learning through the design of integrated online learning experiences. Our teams focus on the following areas: sourcing new opportunities for online learning, developing internal and external partnerships, providing program management services and operational support for degree programs, supporting end-to-end development of online learning experiences, and enabling learners' success and engagement in live courses. For more information, please visit our website: Academic Innovation Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion The Center for Academic Innovation (CAI) is committed to inclusion in our organizational work, culture, climate, and the products we create. We strive to recruit a diverse team as a reflection of our commitment to our work designing equitable and inclusive learning and work environments that are necessary for the university community to make progress on solving societal challenges. CAI draws on each of our team member's unique backgrounds and experiences to guide our everyday work in the center, and our team collaborates with students, staff, and faculty on projects that center our commitment to DEIJ work. All interested applicants, including those from groups historically marginalized by educational privilege, are encouraged to apply. Organizational Statement on Harassment We believe all individuals deserve to be treated with respect and have the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes mutual respect and a safe space for collaboration. Any concerns shared with Individuals with Reporting Obligations in the Center for Academic Innovation will be reported to the Equity, Civil Rights, & Title IX Office to be reviewed and addressed, and the Center for Academic Innovation encourages reporting of any forms of harassment including sexual and gender-based harassment. Responsibilities* Project Management Apply project management skills such as partner communication, process management, design, quality assurance, and in collaboration with faculty, course teams, administrators, vendors, and other partners.Manage complex project tasks including project scoping, scheduling, communication plans, budget management, and resource allocation to ensure execution and consistency of deliverables across CAI's online learning portfolio.Align diverse perspectives and relationships, including those of faculty partners, external partners and collaborators, CAI colleagues, and other U-M and external partners at a project level.Ensure projects are with current copyright, accessibility, and diversity, equity, and inclusion standards.Coordinate policy documentation for CAI initiatives in collaboration with the Design Management Lead, including completing Memorandums of Understanding, amendments, and release and waiver forms.Manage financial project components, including expense reimbursements and budget management for the online learning portfolio.Organize and build project elements into multiple platforms and learning management systems.Develop a communication schedule to report out to CAI Leadership on program portfolio status, both overall and at the individual course level. Strategic Planning, Initiative Management Lead planning of important Center and Design Management team initiatives through facilitation of working groups, development of process roadmaps, and stewardship of current initiatives.Develop training materials for managed initiatives to be shared widely across the Design Management and CAI teams.Partner and collaborate with Program Management and CAI Leadership to contribute to strategic planning for the online learning portfolio within CAI related to for-credit learning opportunities.Operationalize strategy around online and hybrid program projects and internal CAI initiatives by managing important Online Learning domain projects related to internal processes in the following areas: project pipeline, partnership development, vendor evaluation, and students services, process development by working with CAI colleagues across the organization and other partners beyond CAI.Lead our teams to refine internal processes and best practices in developing online and hybrid program projects and internal CAI initiatives.Help work groups within CAI to help align processes and share best practices, such as the AI Council, XR Working Group, or Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council.Demonstrate organizational leadership by understanding and practicing center-wide policies and communicating those processes to others on the team.Manage and align diverse perspectives and relationships, including those of faculty partners, external partners and collaborators, CAI colleagues, and other U-M and external partners. Required Qualifications* Bachelor's degree and four or more years of project management experience.Familiarity with project management tools such as Asana.Proficiency in Google Workspace, specifically, Sheets, and Slides.Familiarity with online learning courses and programs, open educational resources, and learning management systems such as Coursera, edX, FutureLearn, and Canvas.Ability to manage relationships with multiple partners with a collaborative and customer-focused mindset.Commitment to service and teamwork in a multicultural setting Additional Information This is a hybrid position with a standard schedule of 3 in-person days and 2 remote days per week. This is a 5 year term limited position. Must have legal authorization to work in the United States. Salary Information The general salary range for this position is $73,000 - $77,000. You can expect to be paid a great compensation package. Factors used to determine salary include education level and experience for the position, and internal equity within the unit. You are encouraged to discuss salary questions to honor agreement and transparency throughout the recruiting process. Excellent benefits are available; for additional details see http://benefits.umich.edu/ Background Screening The University of Michigan conducts background checks on all job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent offer and may use a third-party administrator to conduct background checks. Background checks will be performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Application Deadline Job openings are posted for at least seven calendar days. This job may be removed from posting boards and filled anytime after the minimum posting period has ended. Decision Making Process Applications will be reviewed as received throughout the posting period and continue until the position is filled. U-M EEO/AA Statement The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.