Title: Sales Lead - Chico's
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Join our chic team, dedicated to a styling and social experience that inspires women to express their individuality. Position Objective The Sales Lead is responsible for supporting Management in in promoting a customer and product-focused sales culture, where our values and guiding principles are at the forefront of all store operations, including great customer experience and maximum profitability. We love what we do, and believe that with our teams, we are the most amazing place to work, learn, and grow! Functional Responsibilities Drive for Results Establishes and communicates clear expectations, holding store team and themselves accountable for achieving all brand, performance, and behavior standards. Performs and oversees basic operational activities such as opening and closing duties, and merchandise flow processes. Supervises associates engaged in sales, inventory receipt, reconciling cash receipts, or in performing services for customers. Utilizes weekly schedules to ensure proper floor coverage within fiscal guidelines. Maintains knowledge of current sales and promotions; presents and displays merchandise in accordance with current promotions and standards. Maintains standards in merchandise handling, presentation, loss prevention, and all other duties as directed by Management. Develops a high-performance culture, motivating sales team to meet assigned sales and productivity goals; meets personal sales goals. Trains and coaches to ensure selling team is fluent in all aspects of product knowledge on line and in store. Trains, coaches and assists with locate fulfillment and selling. Build High Performing Teams Motivates and inspires store team, promoting a shared vision while modeling core values. Promotes an inclusive, collaborative approach to problem solving. Communicates with store teams and Store Management to effectively lead positive change. Seeks personal developmental opportunities and readily solicits feedback to build leadership skill set. Customer Experience Models, teaches, and promotes the Most Amazing Personal Service (MAPS) principles and standards, offering a cohesive omni channel experience. Models sales expectations by utilizing various techniques and communicating product knowledge to the customer; recommends merchandise selections or helps to locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires. Builds and maintains a solid customer following through clienteling and wardrobing. Ensures prompt resolution of customer concerns. Ensures a fast and efficient register experience, remaining current on policies regarding payments, coupon acceptance, returns and exchanges, security practices and other applicable operations. Ensures team maintains consistent client communication through utilization of customer book, rewards program participation, and customer capture sign up. Talent Supports, implements, and provides follow-up for all training programs, seminars, etc. Assists in the development of store associates; interprets Key Performance Indicator reports and delivers coaching as needed; provides feedback to Store Manager for associate performance appraisals and evaluations. Drives associate and team engagement by recognizing and rewarding employees for outstanding performance. Ensures that Store Team adheres to all employment practices and policies. Other duties as assigned. This position may be found in multiple brands. Some duties may vary from brand to brand. Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent 1+ year retail or sales management experience preferred Must be 18 years of age or older Excellent communication, verbal and written skills Excellent customer service skills Able to learn or adapt to technology provided by the company Knowledge of administrative aspects of store operations Strong organizational skills and ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment Able to communicate with customers Regular attendance is essential to this position in order to ensure adequate coverage to meet company objectives. Ability to work a flexible work schedule, including nights, weekends, and holidays is required Physical Requirements Constant Walking/Standing- 67-100% of 8-hour shift Occasional Lifting up to 50 lbs.- 1-33% of 8-hour shift Frequent Climbing- 34%-66% of 8-hour shift Due to our growth, we are always accepting applications for top talent to join our store teams. When we do have an open position, we will review your application to determine if your qualifications are a match with our position requirements. You may apply to any location or position at any time; however, the position to which you apply may not currently be open. Accommodation is available to applicants for employment with disabilities. To request accommodation during the application process, please contact your local Store Manager for assistance. 0303 Lake View Village Chico’s FAS, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, lactation, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, military service, veteran status, or any other category protected under federal, state, or local law.