Title: CDL Truck Driver -Commercial
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description As an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status. What is the value of a WM job? The value of a WM job is more than a paycheck. It’s a way to create opportunities for you and your family. We Are Stable: Our WM team is home every day, and our team members perform essential and meaningful work. We Are Committed to Growth: 100% tuition paid for benefits eligible employees and their family, and established career progression. We Are Investing in You: Amazing Medical, Dental & Vision, 401K with match, discounted stock options, dependent day care, and more! Who are we? We Are WM Ready to roll with us? Click Apply to join the Waste Management team today. I. Job Summary Safely operates a heavy-duty truck to perform assigned duties on transfer routes. II. Essential Duties And Responsibilities To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Other minor duties may be assigned. Operates vehicle in accordance with Occupational and Safety Health Act (OSHA) and Department of Transportation (DOT) requirements as well as all local, state and federal requirements and Company expectations for the Fleet; maintains a clean and safe vehicle. Performs pre- and post-trip inspections of assigned vehicle using utilizing standard DVIR (Driver Vehicle Inspection Report); notes all issues on DVIR form for corrective review/repair. Immediately reports any unsafe situations or service calls to Route Manager or Dispatch before attempting service. Participates and cooperates in all scheduled training, briefings, and meetings as required by Route Manager. Works closely with Route Managers to improve route efficiencies and identify problem or unsafe accounts. Performs all duties as scheduled by Route Manager or Dispatch, assisting other company drivers as directed. Notifies Route Manager of any incidents, accidents, injures, or property damage. Notifies Dispatch or Route Manager of issues as prescribed by Service Machine protocol, including blocked containers, potential missed pick-ups or problems that arise on the route. Communicates customer requests or issues to Dispatch or Route Manager. Completely dumps all containers and leaves the customer’s location clean and free of debris. Completes and submits customer tickets when excess yardage must be removed. Positions containers on the customer’s property in a manner that ensures lids are properly replaced, containers are set in an upright position, and containers do not block driveway entrances or traffic. Follows route assignments throughout the day and completes all documentation when checking-in at the end of the route. III. Supervisory Responsibilities This job has no supervisory duties. IV. Qualifications The requirements listed below are representative of the qualifications necessary to perform the job. Education and ExperienceEducation: None required. Experience: No prior work experience required. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations or Other RequirementsCommercial Drivers License B (CDL). The CDL is a requirement, therefore, an applicant must be 18 years of age. Successfully complete pre-employment DOT drug screen, physical, and background check, which will include previous employment check, and motor vehicle record review. Acceptable driving record required. Benefits At Waste Management, each eligible employee receives a competitive total compensation package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance and Short Term Disability. As well as a Stock Purchase Plan, Company match on 401K, and more! Our employees also receive Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days. Please note that benefits may vary by site. If this sounds like the opportunity that you have been looking for, please click "Apply.