Title: Airframe and Powerplant Mechanic
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Position Summary The Airframe & Powerplant (A&P) Mechanic is responsible for performing all aspects of aircraft maintenance, both scheduled and unscheduled in accordance with Federal Aviation Regulations Part 91 regulations, company policies and procedures, and logistical requirements for maintaining and operating in a remote Outside Continental United States (OCONUS) environment. Business Unit Overview Metrea Special Aerospace (MSA) provides a full range of aerospace solutions from integrated C4ISR operational services and tailored aviation services to advanced tactical helicopter training. MSA is a leader in commercial intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) with superior platforms and a constantly evolving set of capabilities across all levels of services. We also offer custom, discreet, convenient, and reliable options to meet our partners’ mission needs in the air and on the ground and expert instructors well-versed in special mission aviation tasks and integrated air-ground-maritime planning and execution. MSA designs, prototypes, engineers, and tests commercial, military, and government special mission applications for our US government and international defense customers, OEM partners, and private aircraft owners. We have recovered, serviced, and delivered aircraft globally throughout North, Central, and South America, as well as Europe, Asia, Africa, and along the Pacific Rim. Our integrated solutions are the product of our deep stack of aviation capabilities and related design, acquisition, engineering, training, operations, and evaluation services offered to our customers in either integrated packages or as standalone services. Our organizational culture prioritizes safety, innovation, quality, and efficiency with responsive and flexible support. Metrea Enterprise Overview Metrea is a defense company dedicated to translating commercial innovation into solutions for the hardest problems in national security. With deep mission expertise, Metrea focuses on delivering effects as-a-service across a spectrum of domains including Air, Space, Electromagnetic & Cyber, and Simulation. Metrea Management provides central services to 12 global business units via Operations, Solutions, Strategy, Legal, and Finance teams. Essential Functions And Competency Statements Perform on-site aircraft maintenance, aircraft inspections, and repairs on the Beechcraft King Air BE350 aircraft. Complete aircraft logbook entries. Assist in retaining and maintaining all on-site aircraft records in both hardcopy and electronic form. Continuously update and utilize an electronic, online maintenance tracking mechanism (currently use ATP Flightdocs) to allow for efficient maintenance planning, time limit item tracking, assist with aircraft scheduling, aircraft time and cycle tracking and to provide for future maintenance expenditure planning and warranty parts tracking. Assist in maintaining a list of aircraft discrepancies and make decisions based upon safety, Minimum Equipment List, and necessity to defer maintenance actions when applicable, maximizing efficiencies and aircraft availability. Adhere to the following programs and policies: Foreign Object Damage (FOD) program, Hazardous Material (HAZMAT) program and policy, Tool Control Program (internal management and external enforcement), Maintenance Training Program and Corrosion Control Program. Manages material readiness, inventory, and accountability of all maintenance related materials, specifically aviation parts, GSE and tooling. Assist in executing rapid acceptance and delivery (such as core returns) of all items (spares and commercial) via DoD and commercial freight methods to and from the on-site location. Responsible for accurately tracking monthly inventories of all on-site maintenance related items and will furnish reports to the Lead Airframe and Powerplant Technician for distribution as required. Assist in generating monthly time and cycle reports for each aircraft at their site to the Maintenance Control Manager (MCM). Assist in maintaining and managing spares inventory on-site. Read and understand Aircraft Maintenance Manuals, Illustrated Parts Catalogs, and Structural Repair Manuals. Completes all administratively required forms and documents on schedule. Commitment to company values. Promotes cooperation and commitment within a team to achieve goals and carry out the mission. Adapts to changing business needs, conditions, and work responsibilities. Must pay attention to detail and accuracy. Ability to work both independently and in a team environment. Must be able to demonstrate the ability to multitask in high stress situations / environments. Supervisory Responsibility This role has no supervisory responsibilities. Work Environment During deployment, employees will be living under field conditions and must be able to work with little supervision in austere or arduous environments. Work environment varies widely based on geographic location of contract operations. Physical Demands This position requires physical abilities. Expected Hours of Work The daily working hours for this position vary Monday through Sunday. Hours and work shifts may vary in accordance with business needs. You will be scheduled to forward deploy/work approximately 60 days OCONUS followed by rotation off-site for approximately 60days. Rotation schedule might be adjusted in order to meet program requirements. Facility Location Various locations - OCONUS Travel Travel requirements are 50% - OCONUS deployment. Required Education, Experience And Certificates Education: Associate’s Degree. 2 years’ work experience may be substituted for Associate’s Degree Experience: 4 years in Airframe & Powerplant with turbo prop aircraft. Certificates And Licenses FAA Airframe and Powerplant (A&P) Certificate Valid Driver’s License Must have a current US Passport Computer Skills Microsoft Office Suite Preferred Education, Experience And Certificates Education: Bachelor’s Degree Experience: 6 years of documented aircraft maintenance experience Prior military supporting aircraft maintenance from forward deployed locations. King Air BE350 highly preferred. Additional Eligibility Qualifications Must be able to accomplish any and all duties with little or no assistance. Must have good command of the English language; oral and written. Work Authorization/Security Clearance Must be a U.S. citizen. Must be able to hold and maintain a Secret (or higher) Clearance Level. AAP/EEO Statement Metrea Special Management LLC (MAM) is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. Reasonable Accommodations Statement To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty listed below satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Other Duties Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.