Title: CT Technologist
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Additional Information About The Role Exceptional talent makes medicine better. At Barnes-Jewish West County Hospital, we pride ourselves on forming teams that facilitate the healing process and provide excellent care. As a CT Technologist, you will play a vital role in our award-winning organization that is dedicated to creating a positive impact on patient well-being. Increased Compensation Packages Now AvailableUp to $5,000 Sign-On Bonus10:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.Monday thru Thursday$$ Evening Shift Differential $$Some Call Rotation Required Holiday Rotation Required (2 Per Year) Overview Barnes-Jewish West County Hospital offers highly specialized surgical and medical services in an intimate environment and is known for outstanding patient care. With 64 private patient rooms, 14 operating rooms and four intensive care unit rooms, the facility was designed to provide a comforting environment that is innovative, efficient and centered on the patient experience. The campus features a park-like setting with landscaping and a walking path that winds through the grounds and connects to Millennium Park. The Barnes Jewish West County Hospital Department of CT at is a highly specialized, full-service department which strives to meet all patient and clinician needs in diagnostic imaging and image-guided therapies. Preferred Qualifications Role Purpose Performs diagnostic imaging procedures in at least one advanced imaging modality (defined as Computed Tomography (CT), Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Interventional, Mammography, Bone Density, Cardiac Catheterization) on adults and/or pediatric patients for the purpose of diagnosis and/or treatment, and quality control. Responsibilities Prepares patient and equipment for procedures.Performs studies independently, in on-call situations, portable exams, and other site as required by work area. Minimum Requirements Education Associate or Trade School Equi Experience No Experience Supervisor Experience No Experience Licenses & Certifications IEMA - Illinois onlyRTR,CT,MR,M,BD,CI,VI,RCIS,RCES Experience Preferred Requirements <2 years Licenses & Certifications Cardiopulmonary ResuscitationIntravenous Therapy Benefits And Legal Statement BJC Total Rewards At BJC we’re committed to providing you and your family with benefits and resources to help you manage your physical, emotional, social and financial well-being. Comprehensive medical, dental, vison, life insurance, and legal services available first day of the month after hire dateDisability insurance* paid for by BJCPension Plan*/403(b) Plan funded by BJC401(k) plan with BJC matchTuition Assistance available on first dayBJC Institute for Learning and DevelopmentHealth Care and Dependent Care Flexible Spending AccountsPaid Time Off benefit combines vacation, sick days, holidays and personal timeAdoption assistance To Learn More, Go To Www.bjctotalrewards.com/Benefits Not all benefits apply to all jobs The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this position. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Equal Opportunity Employer $26.20 – $44.50 / hour (Salary or hourly rate is based on job qualifications and relevant work experience)