Title: Director Track Engineering
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description Minimum Qualifications Education Bachelor’s degree in Engineering. Experience Minimum of ten (10) years of diversified engineering management, analysis, and work oversight experience. Preferred Experience Track engineering experience within a passenger railroad or transit environment, to include interfacing with Federal oversight authorities, maintenance divisions and directing both internal subordinates and outside consultants Certification/Licensure Professional Engineer (PE) License Medical Group Satisfactorily complete the medical examination for this position, if required. The incumbent must be able to perform the essential functions of this position either with or without reasonable accommodations. Summary The Director, Track Engineering is responsible and accountable for all track infrastructure throughout the authority. The position is the prime operational track engineering resource and serves as an in-house consultant, responding to active incidents and ensuring safe and reliable system operation. The incumbent develops, revises, and implements engineering guidance for preventative and corrective track maintenance programs in Rail Services and supports execution of capital projects by Design and Construction (DECO). Essential Functions Directs staff in engineering tasks required for the effective, safe and efficient operation and maintenance of track infrastructure Provides and directs the provision of special technical assistance and guidance to engineers and track maintenance managers. Maintains in-house design and analysis capability for modifications, emergency repairs, and assessment of existing facilities. Serves as WMATA’s principal in-house track infrastructure engineering consultant, responding to active incidents as required and providing real-time engineering support. Leads the development, revision, and implementation of engineering policies, procedures, and standards in support of track infrastructure and ensures policies, procedures and standards comply with legal, safety, and other requirements. Develops, reviews, and approves technical engineering decisions regarding track infrastructure. Directs employees and contractors in inspections and project evaluation activities to evaluate project conformance to overall goals and ensure achievement of technical engineering requirements. Plans and directs the effective planning, development, and utilization of engineering and design resources for the support of preventative and corrective maintenance activities for all system track infrastructure. Leads development of short and long-term capital improvement programs for track infrastructure. Interfaces with all engineering and maintenance disciplines to ensure track maintenance programs are being operated in an efficient, integrated, and safe manner. Works closely with track maintenance leadership to develop work instructions for preventative and corrective maintenance and to develop and monitor overall preventative maintenance schedules and programs. Directs employees and contractors in inspection and project evaluation activities, to include monitoring work schedules, budget, expenditures, and resource allocation to evaluate project conformance to overall goals and to ensure achievement of technical engineering requirements. The essential duties listed are not intended to limit specific duties and responsibilities of any particular position. Nor is it intended to limit in any way the right of managers and supervisors to assign, direct and control the work of employees under their supervision. Evaluation Criteria Consideration will be given to applicants whose resumes demonstrate the required education and experience. Applicants should include all relevant education and work experience. Evaluation criteria may include one or more of the following: Skills and/or behavioral assessment Personal interview Verification of education and experience (including certifications and licenses) Criminal Background Check (a criminal conviction is not an automatic bar to employment) Medical examination including a drug and alcohol screening (for safety sensitive positions) Review of a current motor vehicle report Closing WMATA is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other status protected by applicable federal law. This posting is an announcement of a vacant position under recruitment. It is not intended to replace the official job description. Job descriptions are available upon confirmation of an interview.