Title: Retail Assistant Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: At David’s Bridal, we empower our customers and our employees to stay true to their dreams and find the one, whether that means the wedding dress that matches her personal style—or the career that’s a perfect fit. We’re looking for leaders with diverse backgrounds and fresh ideas to help create a uniquely personal retail experience. Join a company that dominates the products in their category – 1 out of 3 being sold by them and taking care of them with one of the highest customer service scores in retail! We Make Dreams Happen! As a member of the management team, you will assist in building and retaining a high performing team, create a consistent environment of world class customer service, and exceed sales plan. You are a dynamic, attentive, and an inspiring leader who has mastered relationship building with team members and customers alike, acting as a mentor, leader, and coach. You will build a climate of high performance and five-star customer service by maximizing the performance and productivity of a team of motivated, friendly, enthusiastic, and engaged team members. Essential Job Functions Customer Focus Leads and models a customer first culture across all roles. Accountable for active floor management by assigning shifts, reviewing results, and providing feedback to maintain a five-star customer experience. Provide ongoing coaching and training to enhance individual selling skills, behaviors, and processes. Analyzing and Decisions Making Monitor the store payroll to assist in ensuring hours do not exceed the monthly budget, accurately monitoring and acknowledging timesheets for all roles that clock in and out for all scheduled shifts, breaks and meals Assist in leading the store to achieve Total Monthly Income (TMI) Goals consistently by executing foundational excellence and performance-based leadership, for front of house and alterations combined. Monitors inventory management, special orders, receiving processes, layaway, mark out of stock, repairs, and ensures first quality standards for all merchandise. Managing Performance Communicates daily sales goals to all team members and drives action through Chat Ins/Chat Outs. Observes individual team member performance and enforces action plans for improvement through weekly performance discussions using customer reviews and mystery shops. Assists in building a strong bench and talent pipeline, ensuring the store is always staffed, to achieve all staffing goals and fills open positions within 30 days. Other duties as assigned. Education & Credentials High School Diploma or degree. Two-four years prior retail management experience in an apparel or specialty store environment. Prior experience with a computerized POS system. Work Hours And Physical Demands Full time hours Sunday through Saturday 40 hours a week While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to stand, walk, and sit for extended periods of time; reach for tools and objects with hands and arms; climb stairs; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and talk to and hear customers. The employee must occasionally lift to 25 pounds. The employee must be able to see up close and at a distance, as well as use peripheral vision and depth perception, and be able to look at, read, and use a computer and all other electronic devices for long periods of time. Now that we’ve popped the question, please say “I do”. Full Time Opportunity – A comprehensive benefits package is available. Rewarding Environment and Competitive Pay Generous Team Member Discount After First Pay Period Dayforce Wallet – Get Paid Early! Health/Dental/Vision Insurance 401K Program Paid Vacation, Sick Days & Holidays Pet Benefits Love wins when love is for Everyone! Our mission at David’s Bridal is to embrace the ideas of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. It is our goal to build a workforce that is as representative as the customers we serve. We vow to create a culture where all forms of diversity are celebrated and seen as valuable. Disclaimer The preceding job description has been designed to highlight the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive description of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Actual duties and responsibilities will vary.