Title: Sanitation Supervisor
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description (Overview) Who we are! Schwan’s Company, a U.S. affiliate of the global lifestyle company, CJ CheilJedang Corporation, is a leading U.S. manufacturer and marketer of quality foods offered through retail-grocery and food-service channels. Our many popular brands include Red Baron®, Tony’s®, Big Daddy’s®, Villa Prima™ and Freschetta® pizza; Mrs. Smith’s® and Edwards® desserts; and Pagoda® and Bibigo™ Asian-style snacks. Schwan’s is a place for people with an appetite for more. To learn about joining a team where you can belong, contribute, and thrive, visit www.schwanscompany.com . What We Are Looking For We are hiring a Sanitation Supervisor, 3 rd shift for our Stilwell, OK manufacturing facility where the famous Mrs. Smith’s and Edwards frozen pies are made. If you consider yourself a strong leader looking to grow within your career, this is a great opportunity for you! In this role you will lead a team of technicians and be responsible for the cleaning and sanitizing of the manufacturing facility and equipment in a safe and timely manner. The ideal candidate will be someone who has supervisory experience, sanitation experience, CIP cleaning system experience, and project management. Responsibilities Supervises all activities necessary for the cleaning and sanitizing of production packaging storage areas and production equipment on a daily basis in manufacturing facilities while ensuring that all duties are performed in accordance with USDA (U.S. Department of Ag) SSOP (Standard Sanitation Operating Procedures), HACCP (Hazardous Analysis Critical Control Points), FDA (Food & Drug Administration), GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices), all safety policies and procedures and any other established policies and requirements necessary. Confers with multiple production departments to schedule sanitizing and cleaning assignments responding to reports of sanitation problems and USDA and FDA issues. Monitors sanitation performance as needed to verify guidelines and procedures, costing specifications and system data. Prepares and compiles mandatory company and government reports within required deadlines and retains them for production and food safety audits required in food manufacturing. Investigates ways to reduce waste, increase efficiency and improve equipment in a continuous effort to improve processes utilized. Presents proposals to Manager for review and approval. Manages and leads sanitation employees. Interviews potential employees while following EEO and Affirmative Action guidelines. Ensures employees receive proper training in sanitation. Conducts performance appraisals and administers disciplinary and termination action when necessary. Responsible for the effective utilization of employees’ skills development, housekeeping, safety utilization of required PPE (Personal Protective Equipment), policy administration, employee relations, scheduling, cost control and coordination of all sanitation activities with crew in facilities. Adjust daily work schedule as needed to meet sanitation requirements. Works closely with USDA representative on site to ensure all company state and federal requirements are met. Reviews and signs off on all HACCP documentation. What we need from you: High School Diploma or equivalent. Typically has three years related experience. The desire to make a meaningful difference. Must be self-motivated with the ability to work independently. We need someone who competes to win! Knowledge of various chemicals used in the sanitation process. Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, government regulations and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of employees of the organization. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations. Willing and able to be trained in SAP and other systems and software in order to perform job effectively. The employing subsidiaries of Schwan’s Company are Equal Employment Opportunity Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to disability, age, race, color, religion, gender, vet status, national origin or other protected classes. Job Type: Full-time Business Unit: Req #: 24-2535