Title: Senior Pricing Analyst
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: A position at White Cap isn’t your ordinary job. You’ll work in an exciting and diverse environment, meet interesting people, and have a variety of career opportunities. The White Cap family is committed to Building Trust on Every Job. We do this by being deeply knowledgeable, fully capable, and always dependable, and our associates are the driving force behind this commitment. Job Summary Gather disparate data from various data sources, analyzes and normalizes the data to ensure quality of data for analysis. Responsible for providing consistent, relevant and accurate data as well as guidance/knowledge of the data and definitions that are available for analysis. Major Tasks, Responsibilities, And Key Accountabilities Serves as a resource to assigned client in area of expertise.Gathers and compiles raw data; conducts research for industry trends and benchmarks; and normalizes data to be incorporated into a centralized data format.Analyzes, reports, makes comparisons to industry/company benchmarks, determines trends, and prepares cost analyses.Defines data definitions and documents data limitations.Prepares spreadsheets for data analysis; prepare reports with charts and graphs, mailing lists, maps and ad hoc requests. May make presentations.Provides recommendations based on findings and analysis. Provides input on policies and procedures.Participates on department and interdepartmental projects. May serve as Team Lead. May train Analysts.Performs other duties as assigned. Nature and Scope Identifies key barriers/core problems and applies problem solving skills in order to deal creatively with complex situations. Troubleshoots and resolves complex problems. Makes decisions under conditions of uncertainty, sometimes with incomplete information, that produce effective end results.Independently performs assignments with instruction limited to the expected results. Determines and develops an approach to solutions. Receives technical guidance only on unusual or complex problems or issues.May oversee the completion of projects and assignments, including planning, assigning, monitoring and reviewing progress and accuracy of work, evaluating results, etc. Contributes to employees' professional development but does not have hiring or firing authority. Work Environment Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.No travel required. Education And Experience Typically requires BS/BA in a related discipline. Generally 5-8 years of experience in a related field OR MS/MA and generally 3-5 years of experience in a related field. Certification is required in some areas. Preferred Qualifications If you’re looking to play a role in building America, consider one of our open opportunities. We can’t wait to meet you. Functional Area Sales Recruiter Bickerton, Andrew Req ID WCJR-018865 White Cap is an Equal Opportunity Minority/Female/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veteran and Affirmative Action Employer. White Cap considers for employment and hires qualified candidates without regard to age, race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, protected veteran or disability status or any factor prohibited by law.