Title: Board Certified Behavior Analyst - BCBA - Jacksonville, FL
Experience Level: Executive
Work Type: Full-time
Skills Required: PI562fb60450bc-29462-33761913
Description: Description:Great Strides Rehabilitation - 12276 San Jose Blvd. Ste. 508 - Jacksonville, FL 32223 Sign On Bonus available up to $2500!! Are you ready to make a difference by improving the quality of life of children? If you are passionate about patient-centered, collaborative care and delivering high-quality outcomes, we want to hear from you! At Great Strides Rehabilitation you will have the opportunity to work with interdisciplinary team of more nearly 200 highly qualified trained therapists with families to provide comprehensive and coordinated care. Our goal is to enhance life quality and provide the most effective course of intervention for every child. Great Strides is excited to add another Board Certified Behavior Analyst to our team in Jacksonville, FL. This is a great position to learn the field of Applied Behavior Analysis or to get started in the field of Psychology. BCBA's with Great Strides is responsible to complete supervision and program oversight to our skilled RBTs, in addition to providing some individual and small group instruction to children aged 2-18. Services are provided in clinical and community settings, such as public and private schools. Great Strides Rehabilitation has been serving the community of Jacksonville and the surrounding areas since 2004. Over the years we have grown and developed a highly regarded and successful therapy practice thanks to the hard work and dedication of our amazing staff. This is the team to join if you are looking for quick advancement! What You'll Need:Education: master's degree in psychology or a related fieldExperience: prior experience in pediatric ABA field is preferred, but don't worry if you're new to the field - we welcome you too, and offer strong mentorship and training for those excited to learn and grow their skillset!Qualifications: must pass required background checks, and be currently certified as a Board Certified Behavior AnalystWhat You'll Get:Competitive Compensation: Your skills and experience will be rewarded with compensation that reflects your value and incentivizes clinical growth and performance!Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, dental, and vision insurance options, 401(k) retirement plan, generous PTO, paid holidays, parental leave, company-paid life insurance, tuition loan reimbursement, flex spending, company-sponsored healthcare reimbursement arrangements and more.**Professional Development: Strong clinical mentorship and collaboration, continuing education support, leadership opportunities for those seeking advancement.Work-Life Balance: We believe in a healthy balance between work and personal life, allowing you to thrive both professionally and personally.Why Great Strides and H2 Health:Community Focus: We are dedicated to serving the community and are committed to making a positive impact on the environment.Commitment to Quality Care: Our focus is on providing top-notch care to our patients. If you are dedicated to delivering the best possible outcomes, you'll find a fulfilling home with us.Inclusivity and Diversity: We embrace diversity and foster a compassionate workspace for everyone.Endless Opportunities: We encourage professional growth and support your career advancement within our company. With multiple clinics across states, there are even opportunities for relocation and travel if you desire.Interdisciplinary Team Approach: You'll be part of a dynamic team working together to provide the best therapy opportunities for patients.Join Our Team Today:If you're ready to make a difference, grow professionally, and join a supportive and caring family that values excellence, accountability, integrity, customer service, and diversity, we can't wait to hear from you. Apply now to become a valued member of Great Strides Rehabilitation! Equal Opportunity Employer:At H2 Health, we are an equal-opportunity and affirmative-action employer. Our employment decisions are based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. Background checks and references are required for employment. ** Certain benefits are only available for full-time employees working 35+ hours a week. PM21Requirements: