Title: Housekeeping Room Attendant
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Room Attendant Position Overview: Cabin Crew Members are responsible for the cleaning and preparation of guest riims and public areas by meeting established standards of cleanliness and propriety to assure guest satisfaction and maximize revenues. Room Attendant Benenfits: Competitive pay Medical, Dental, and Vision plans available Short-Term and Long-Term Disability Benefits Life Insurance Vacation and Sick Time 401K And more! Room Attendant Major Duties & Responsibilities: Retrieves items from shelves and storerooms, sets up cleaning cart with supplies, constantly maintaining carts and storerooms in a clean and orderly fashion to enhance efficiency and ease of cleaning rooms. Cleans and wipes windows, doors, walls, closets and fixtures in rooms, public areas and hallways, often using ladders or stools to clean hard to reach areas, to maintain a clean, presentable and attractive facility always. Washes shower walls and tub, cleans toilet(s) and stall walls if applicable, wipes exposed pipes, cleans mirrors, sink(s) and walls to have clean and sanitary guest and public restrooms. Replaces towels, soaps and all room amenities and restocks literature that has been removed by previous guest or is soiled and torn to ensure adequate supply for arriving guests. Washes all hard floor areas (linoleum, tile, etc.) by hand to remove dirt and soiled areas. Dusts and polishes all furniture, fixtures and wall hangings including using a duster to reach vents and ceiling corners to remove dust and cobwebs. Strips bed of all linen and remakes with fresh, checking bedspread, blankets and bed pads for cleanliness, replacing if soiled. Lifts mattresses to check for soil between mattresses and under bed. Checks closet for cleanliness, wiping closet door, handle and overhead shelves and restocking the guest room supplies such as hangers, extra blankets and pillows. Vacuums rooms, public areas and hallways, operating vacuums weighing up to 25lbs., and lifting/moving heavy furniture to vacuum entire area of carpet including underneath furniture and hard to reach areas. Inspects all door and window locks to ensure they are in working order and immediately alerts management to an unsecured or unsafe situation for the safety of guests and employees. Inspects all room equipment (TV, lights/lamps, faucets, radios) to ensure proper working order and immediately reports all room status and room maintenance deficiencies, in writing, to the Executive Housekeeper for prompt repair/resolution. Secures and maintains custody of equipment, keys and supplies at all times in order to protect and preserve hotel property. Maintains a friendly, cheerful and courteous demeanor always. Performs other duties as assigned, requested or deemed necessary by management. Approaches all encounters with guests and crew members in an attentive, friendly, courteous and service-oriented manner. Completes all other miscellaneous tasks assigned by Director of Cabin Crew This position description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, or qualifications associated with the associated with the position. May perform other duties as assigned. Room Attendant Skills/Qualifications: High school degree or GED preferred Must have basic knowledge of general cleaning principles, use of cleaning products and operation of standard cleaning equipment. Basic commercial cleaning equipment such as vacuums, floor buffers and carpet cleaning equipment. Cleaning cart. Ladder/stepping stool. Exposure to hazardous chemicals on a continual basis. Must be able to understand and follow verbal/written instructions and communicate both verbally and in writing. Must have upper body strength to lift to 50lbs. continually throughout shift. Must have finger, hand and upper body dexterity to push, pull and move levers, equipment and furniture throughout shift. Must be able to work with arms raised above head throughout a shift. Must be able to maneuver fully loaded cabin crew cart, weighing up to 50lbs., through hallways and into/out of closets during entire workday. What are YOTEL people like? Pro-active with a ‘can do’ positive attitude Likes to be busy, always looking for the next task or goal to achieve Great attention to detail in everything that they do Sociable and confident with each other and our guests Friendly, warm and welcoming always Professional in their outlook, taking pride in their appearance, performance and reputation Takes responsibility for their actions and those of the wider team Like to own problems and find solutions for the benefit of the guests and teams alike PI239168337