Title: Housekeeping Attendant
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Company Description Explore limitless possibilities, dreams and adventures on Hawai’i Island as you blaze a trail for a rewarding career in hospitality. Embrace our passion for Hawai’i’s heritage, culture and traditions with amazing career opportunities that await you in paradise. Journey into a luxury oasis where the aloha spirit comes alive. Fairmont Orchid is an award-winning luxury resort located on the majestic Kohala Coast of Hawai‘i Island. Immerse yourself in an authentic Hawaiian experience, surrounded by 32 oceanfront acres of lush tropical gardens, cascading waterfalls and a tranquil white sand beach and lagoon. Hawai‘i’s warmth and serenity are reflected throughout the design of our family-friendly hotel accommodations with spacious guest rooms, suites and the exclusive Fairmont Gold concierge floor. Resort amenities include our Spa Without Walls, a 10,000-square-foot oceanfront pool, cultural activities, onsite restaurants, access to world-class golf, a 24/7 fitness center and a 10-court tennis pavilion. Inspired by culture, well-being and genuine aloha, Fairmont Orchid welcomes you to experience authentic Hawai‘i. Job Description The Housekeeping Attendant is responsible for providing consistent housekeeping service to guest rooms & other related areas to meet the hotel’s standards of cleanliness and presentation. What Is In It For You benefit available for fulltime or part time employees while being a part of the Fairmont Orchid ‘OhanaPremium preferred provider medical/drug/vision benefits at competitive prices*We put you first & value you with employer paid coverage for group life and accidental insurance coverage ($7,500) + Coverage is available for your ‘ohana!*We believe that hospitality has the power to unlock a better tomorrow with our 401(k)/retirement saving plan & matching program.Don’t just live in the moment – own your moment with 11 paid holiday/personal days per year + 10 days of paid vacation that begin accruing immediately* We go the extra mile by offering 50% discounts at hotel restaurants, 30% discount on retail items at our Fairmont Store & 30% discount of services offered in our Spa Without Walls.We are globetrotters taking advantage of our Travel Program with employee discounts at Accor properties + Friends & Family rates (5,000+ hotels worldwide)*Complimentary meals in our employee dining facility What You Will Be Doing Replenish guest supplies and ensure that guests requests are promptly attended toTake initiative to add a personalized experience for the guestWork effectively and contribute positively to a teamKeep linen closets, supply closet and landing organized and cleanReport damage or malfunction in hotel rooms/areasRespond professionally, politely, and efficiently to requests from guestsMaintain equipment in a proper state of cleanlinessCarry out delivery services when required (e.g. delivery of linen)Use hands to lift, carry, or pull objects that may be heavyMaintain excellent grooming and uniform standardsRead, understand and follow all department policies Qualifications Your experience and skills include: Warm and caring personality; previous housekeeping experience is an assetBasic understanding of the English languageAbility to anticipate and focus attention on guest needs by being professional and welcomingLifting requirements up to 25 lbs.Carrying of objects weighting up to 50lbs.Excellent organizational skills and time managementStooping, kneeling, reaching, standing, walking, bending, twisting, pushing, seeing, hearing, speaking to guests Additional Information Visa Requirements: Must be legally eligible to work in the United States. The hotel is unable to assist candidates in obtaining U.S. work authorization. Your team and working environment: Come join the energetic and caring Housekeeping 'Ohana at the Fairmont Orchid. We work together as a dynamic team to ensure that our guests are well looked after and the hotel maintains the utmost cleanliness. Our commitment to Diversity & Inclusion: We are an inclusive company and our ambition is to attract, recruit and promote diverse talent. Why work for Accor? We are far more than a worldwide leader. We welcome you as you are and you can find a job and brand that matches your personality. We support you to grow and learn every day, making sure that work brings purpose to your life, so that during your journey with us, you can continue to explore Accor’s limitless possibilities. By joining Accor, every chapter of your story is yours to write and together we can imagine tomorrow's hospitality. Discover the life that awaits you at Accor, visit https://careers.accor.com/ About Fairmont Hotels & Resorts: At Fairmont Hotels & Resorts we offer our guests the finest hospitality experience in each of our destinations. And we know that, to offer our guests the best, we first need to offer our employees the best. That’s why you’ll find exceptional work opportunities – throughout North America and the Caribbean, Europe and Africa, the Middle East and Asia Pacific – as well as industry leading training, career development, recognition and rewards. Fairmont Hotels & Resorts is a celebrated collection of hotel that includes landmark locations like London’s The Savoy, New York’s The Plaza, and Shanghai’s Fairmont Peace Hotel. Our teams are guided by values of Respect, Integrity, Teamwork and Empowerment; we employ the highest ethical and quality standards, treating all colleague with fairness & dignity. A community and environmental leader, Fairmont is also regarded for its responsible tourism practices and award – winning Green Partnership Program. An exciting future awaits! Do what you love, care for the world, dare to challenge the status quo! #BELIMITLESS #AlohaOrchid 743999979271255