Title: CDL Truck Driver
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: About Us: EMR is one of the world’s leading metal recycling companies with a history spanning decades. At EMR, our employees are the heart and soul of our organization. We are committed to creating a workplace that prioritizes the well-being and safety of everyone. Our company provides a supportive and inclusive community where everyone's ideas and contributions are valued. We believe in teamwork and collaboration. Our mission is to provide our customers with efficient and reliable metal recycling services while minimizing the environmental impact of our operations. EMR recycles ten million tons of material annually, everything from beverage cans to aircraft carriers. We work with a wide variety of metals including copper, aluminum, brass, and stainless steel and can recycle it into more than 200 different types of new sustainable raw materials. EMR offers our team a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package, including health insurance, retirement plans with company match, wellbeing benefits, employee assistance program and more. Join us and be a part of a team that puts people first! We are currently looking for a full-time Truck Driver to assist with metal recycling activities. This position will be based out of our Fargo, ND location but will travel to other nearby yards as needed. Responsibilities: Transports materials to and from designated locations in a safe and efficient manner. Picks up full containers and unloads in designated locations. Secures loads according to Department of Transportation guidelines. Maintains contact with Dispatch and Scale operator to get assignments and properly report trip numbers. Requirements: Must have a valid Class A license. General knowledge of State and Federal motor carrier regulations General knowledge of mechanics involving trucks and trailers Ability to work independently. Ability to operate the vehicle safely. Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Customer service skills. 1 year Class A driving experience WE OFFER: Competitive salary Comprehensive benefits including health insurance and 401(k) Paid Time Off An ethical, responsible work culture A fun work environment where our teammates feel appreciated ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS AND WORKING CONDITIONS: The work environment and physical working characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions: Outdoor position in all-weather elements (hot/cold, rain/snow) PPE Requirement: steel toed boots, safety glasses, hard hat, high visibility clothing, ear plugs Exposure Issues: dust, fumes, possible high noise levels Location - Onsite EMR USA Metal Recycling provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. E-Verify is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. This business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices to achieve lawful workforce. Apply Now