Title: Piping Foreman
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Join an Industry to Help Accelerate Our Growth LeaderVertical Mechanical Group (VMG) is an industry leader that brings expertise in both HVAC and Plumbing. Our company was originally known as Anderson Mechanical Services, Inc and Inspiration Plumbing Company. We brought these two respected companies together to provide our clients with award winning expertise in HVAC and Plumbing for new construction, improvements, renovations, upfits, design-build, and installations in the commercial space.To meet our growth goals, we are adding a Piping Foreman to the team. In this role, the Piping Foreman is a leader on the job and responsible for studying the project specifications and planning effectively with the Refrigerant. The ideal candidate will be responsible for coordinate and supervise daily activities of a 2-to-7-person crew. If you are a dependable individual with great communication skills, we would love to hear from you.Requirements for this role:Coordinates and supervises daily activities of a 2-to-7-person crew.Utilizes heavy equipment to excavate, install and backfill drainage pipe. Must be able to climb in and out of heavy equipment.Sequences pipe installation to reduce inference with other project activities and the public.Continually inspects work site, surveying for potential hazards or safety concerns. Responsible for crew safety. Establishes safe work environment that complies with the Company safety program.Observes assigned equipment to detect machinery malfunctions. Assures the proper operation and maintenance of equipment.Analyzes job cost reports to ensure production is within budget.Coordinates the evaluation of the design changes to the original scope of work and verifies the implementation of those approved.Is aware and keeps track of all interfaces (in/out) information.Provides technical support to Procurement, Subcontracting and Construction activities included in the scope of work Reports to the Project staff and to the Client whenever required.Other duties as assigned.Requirements5+ years progressive mechanical and piping design experience in pipefitting2+ years of experience as a supervisor or leaderKnowledge of current Design codes for equipment and piping systems.Strong attention to detail and capable of performing detailed technical document and drawing checking as the job requires significant exposure to vendor document review, detailed assessment of vendor design accuracy and specification compliance.Computer Skills: MS Office with working knowledge of AutoCAD, Procore, Smartsheet, Outlook, and Other GC-related softwareFamiliarity with industry standard design and analysis software for stress analysisThis position will be a manual labor position and the ability to follow directions is needful. This positionMust be able to lift and carry 50 lbs. repeatedly orAbility to speak English and Spanish is preferred.This role reports to work sites within the DMV area.We offer a highly competitive compensation and benefits package, including base salary, performance bonus, financial and medical benefits, PTO, and a 401(k).Connect with us and learn more about Vertical Mechanical Group.Vertical Mechanical Group is a full-service HVAC and Plumbing contractor specializing in large scale commercial projects. Family owned and operated, VMG provides a tailored approach to each project with the horsepower of a large specialty contractor.The learn more about VMG, please visit vmgmech.com.