Title: Food and Beverage - Warehouse 3rd Shift Distributor (Valid FLDL Required)
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: JOB SUMMARY: Receive, inventory, rotate, label, and stock product that is delivered by the Food and Beverage Warehouse. Team Members will be required to match received items to pick tickets and report any missing items, rotate products in the venues using FIFO (First In First Out), label and date incoming products, ensure that refrigerated and frozen items are kept at the proper temperature according to Food Safety training, and that any expired product is discarded. Pay Rate: $17.50 per hour MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES: Uses FIFO to place new product behind existing product so that oldest items get used first and properly labeled. Coordinates pallet delivery drop times and locations for the Warehouse. Ensures that the venues are prepared to receive a delivery. Matches product that is received to the pick ticket and informs management of any errors with picks, missing items, or extra items. Monitors temperatures of non-shelf-stable items. Reports any items that are not within the proper temperature range. Ensures that all food products are handled in a safe and sanitary manner. Ensures that all chemicals are kept separate from food items, and are handled with care. Organizes and cleans area after completing the delivery for the venue. Ensures that drop area is prepared for the Warehouse to pick up any items to be returned (pallets, trams, kegs, crates, bread racks, etc). Works with Warehouse on completing any all deliveries including Drop shipments and Production Kitchen trams. Assists with picking up sweep (kegs, pallets, trams, etc)Understands and actively participates in Environmental, Health & Safety responsibilities by following established UO policy, procedures, training and team member involvement activities. Performs other duties as assigned. EDUCATION: High school degree or GED is required. EXPERIENCE: Prior food service experience preferred, including knowledge of HACCP. Universal is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Universal Orlando via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written Statement of Work in place for this position from Universal Orlando HR/Recruitment will be deemed the sole property of Universal Orlando. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Universal Orlando as a result of the referral or through other means. Universal Orlando Resort. Here you can. Universal Orlando is an equal opportunity employer. Universal elements and all related indicia TM & © 2024 Universal Studios. All rights reserved. EOE