Title: Demand Planning Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Established in 2019 by Founder and CEO Kevin Czinger and Co-Founder Lukas Czinger, Los Angeles‑based Czinger Vehicles is an industry‑disrupting performance vehicles brand pioneering a new era in the automotive space by fundamentally changing the way cars will be designed and manufactured for generations to come. Built around a core ethos of utilizing revolutionary, proprietary technology to create vehicles equipped with both dominating performance and iconic design, Czinger represents a radical transformation of the manufacturing sector and the future of human‑AI design within an environmentally sustainable system. Czinger’s halo vehicle, the 21C hypercar, has received global attention for its record-breaking performance and the revolutionary design and manufacturing technology it embodies. It is the physical representation of over 550 patents filed across A.I. based generative design, materials, additive manufacturing, and assembly. This novel technology and world class engineering has enabled the 21C to set production lap records at both Laguna Seca and Circuit of the Americas. As a business Czinger is the unique combination of a deep technology company, consumer product company, and performance brand. Czinger Vehicles places an emphasis on talent and is known globally for their world class team. A demand planning manager for Czinger is a vital role that ensures the alignment of supply and demand for the company’s hybrid hypercars. Czinger is a Los Angeles-based company that uses revolutionary technology to create vehicles with dominating performance and iconic design1. As a demand planning manager, you will be responsible for: Developing effective forecast models based on industry trends and demand patterns Exceptional collaboration with engineering, production, procurement, and materials management teams to drive priority for part release, build sequencing, and component deliveries Development and management of the Sales Inventory and Operations Planning, SIOP, process Supporting management with risk assessments and mitigation activities Proposing and implementing solutions to improve demand forecast accuracy Successfully communicating forecast and inventory estimations to management Effective change management, impact analysis, and new product introduction Monitoring and reporting on important changes in sales forecasts, budgets, and business strategies Conducting monthly forecast maintenance Addressing demand-related issues in a timely and effective manner Leading, coaching, and developing a small team of material planners who are responsible for ensuring that raw materials are available to support production To be a successful demand planning manager for Czinger, you will need to have the following qualifications: A bachelor’s degree in business, engineering, or a related field At least 8+ years of experience in demand planning, supply chain management, or a similar role in the automotive industry At least five years of experience in managing or supervising a team of material planners or similar professionals Strong knowledge of demand planning software and inventory management systems Experience With Oracle Cloud ERP/MRP Preferred Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills Ability to work under pressure and meet tight deadlines Effective communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills A passion for innovation and sustainability $140,000 - $155,000 a year What You’ll Get Holistic Compensation Package: Enjoy a world-class compensation package that includes a competitive salary, equity plan, and annual bonus opportunities, ensuring you're truly valued for your contributions. Wellness and Time Off: Embrace a healthy lifestyle with paid vacation, sick time, and company holidays, including a year-end shutdown to recharge. We support growing families with paid parental leave, recognizing the importance of bonding time. Comprehensive Health and Wellness: Prioritize your well-being with our comprehensive health and wellness benefits, offering both HMO and Premium PPO options. Additionally, benefit from company-sponsored life insurance and short and long-term disability coverage for peace of mind. Investment in Growth: We're committed to your professional development. Take advantage of reimbursement opportunities for learning and development initiatives, empowering you to continuously expand your skill set and reach peak performance. Inclusive and Collaborative Environment: Join our inclusive, collaborative, and dynamic work environment within a fast-paced, mission-driven company. Together, we're disrupting the traditional manufacturing industry, embracing diversity, and fostering innovation to reduce our footprint by integrating people and technology. Czinger Vehicles Inc. is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Our positions adhere to all statutory and regulatory requirements. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. Disclosures In order to adjust to changes in our business, it may become necessary to add, remove or modify certain duties and responsibilities, or to reassign you to another job position. From time to time you may be asked to work on special projects or to assist with other work. Your cooperation and assistance in performing such additional work is expected. CZV, Inc is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Our positions adhere to all statutory and regulatory requirements. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. EEO Poster E-Verify: Right to Work Our company participates in E-Verify . E-Verify is a program that electronically confirms a candidate’s eligibility to work in the United States after completing the Employment Eligibility Verification (Form I-9). The information provided on the Form I-9 is compared to the records contained in the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) databases. This helps employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly hired employees. Eligibility to Work Poster (English) | Eligibility to Work Poster (Spanish) | Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance (FCIHO), we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.