Title: Senior Network Engineer
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description The Network Engineer III performs a variety of technical and non-technical functions. This position has direct contact with a variety of company employees. Normally receives minimal instruction on day-to-day work, general instructions on new assignments. Architect, build and implement network solutions according to best practices, in addition to performing operational maintenance on the enterprise network. RESPONSIBILITIES - Responsible for maintaining the daily operations of all network hardware, including routers, switches, firewalls, wireless, access control servers and other related equipment. Monitor and analyze network performance across the organization’s LAN, WAN and WLAN. - Test, evaluate, and recommend new and emerging technologies for consideration and adoption into the enterprise environment; lead the implementation of new technologies and procedures for technology systems. - Management and administration of the security and authentication network as well as the remote access network. - Responsible for evaluation and implementation of networking device upgrades and security related updates. - Management and administration of the telecommunications network. - Provides Tier 3 support for escalated service desk tickets following established protocols and mentorship to Network Engineer I/II. - Cloud (Azure) and security/compliance are top priorities for the team Skills cisco nexus, routing and switching, routing, switching, FMC, BGP, FTD, cloud, azure, Cisco DNA, cisco ise Top Skills Details cisco nexus,routing and switching,routing,switching,FMC,BGP,FTD Additional Skills & Qualifications 5+ years of experience with Enterprise Cisco Catalyst switches; Cisco ISR routers; routing protocols (BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP); TCP/IP; DNS; VLANs; VPNs; QoS; IPSEC; RADIUS; two-factor and single sign-on authentication. - Expertise in the design of Wide/Metro/Local Area Networks (WAN/MAN/LAN), MDFs (Main Distribution Frame) and IDFs (Intermediate Distribution Frame). - Must possess at least one Professional level certification in Cisco Networking or 5+ years of experience in related Network Engineer position. - Occasional travel up to 10%. - CCIE/CCNP certification; Cisco Unified Call Manager, Cisco ASA/FirePower, Cisco Nexus experience is a definite plus. - Experience in network migrations consisting of 1000+ nodes is a definite plus. Experience Level Expert Level About TEKsystems We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.