Title: Senior Cloud Engineer
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description The Senior Cloud Engineer will work with our Engineering and Dev-Ops teams to develop, implement, optimize, and maintain cloud-based solutions. You will be responsible for deploying and debugging VDI, cloud stacks, educating teams on new cloud initiatives, and ensuring the security and cost of the cloud infrastructure. To be successful as a cloud engineer, you should be able to identify the most optimal cloud-based solutions for our clients and maintain cloud infrastructures in accordance with best practices and company security policies. This cloud engineer will also have excellent troubleshooting skills, stay current with industry trends, and should be a team player willing to collaborate onsite. Responsibilities: Serve as a mentor for other Cloud Engineers Collaborating with engineering and development teams to evaluate and identify optimal cloud solutions. Make recommendations for modifications and improvements to existing systems. Educating teams on the implementation of new cloud technologies and initiatives. Designing, developing, and deploying modular cloud-based systems. Developing and maintaining cloud solutions in accordance with best practices. Ensuring efficient functioning of data storage and processing functions in accordance with company security policies and best practices in cloud security. Identifying, analyzing, and resolving infrastructure vulnerabilities and application deployment issues. Regularly reviewing existing systems and making recommendations for improvements. Interacting with clients, providing cloud support, and making recommendations based on client needs. Requirements: At least 3 years of experience supporting Amazon AWS cloud infrastructureExperience with Windows, Linux systems, and/or MySQL.Some experience with SysOps, DevOps, Virtual Desktops. Troubleshooting and analytical skills. Good communication and collaboration skills. Client management skills. Education Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or a similar field. Azure, AWS, and GCP certifications preferred. Additional Job Requirements: Hybrid: The Senior Cloud Engineer should be local to Tampa to work onsite 1-2 days per week at our Tampa officeExperience and ability to work in a constantly changing, fast paced, deadline driven environment.All prospective employees must pass a background check & drug test (Federal contractor requirement) COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY & INCLUSION We are an Equal Employment/Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate in hiring on the basis of sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, creed, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us by email at careers@mhk.com . Please note that only inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address and the email address cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications. For more information, please visit Know Your Rights , Pay Transparency , and MHK EEO/AA Statement