Title: Maintenance Diesel Mechanic A
Work Type: Full-time
Description: About The Company Republic Services, Inc. (NYSE: RSG) is a leader in the environmental services industry. We provide customers with the most complete set of products and services, including recycling, waste, special waste, hazardous waste and field services. Our industry-leading commitments to advance circularity and support decarbonization are helping deliver on our vision to partner with customers to create a more sustainable world. In 2023, Republic’s total company revenue was $14.9 billion, and adjusted EBITDA was $4.4 billion. We serve 13 million customers and operate more than 1,000 locations, including collection and transfer stations, recycling and polymer centers, treatment facilities, and landfills. Although we operate across North America, the collection, recycling, treatment, or disposal of materials is a local business, and the dynamics and opportunities differ in each market we serve. By combining local operational management with standardized business practices, we drive greater operating efficiencies across the company while maintaining day-to-day operational decisions at the local level, closest to the customer. Our customers, including small businesses, major corporations and municipalities, want a partner with the expertise and capabilities to effectively manage their multiple recycling and waste streams. They choose Republic Services because we are committed to exceeding their expectations and helping them achieve their sustainability goals. Our 41,000 team members understand that it's not just what we do that matters, but how we do it. Our Company Values Guide Our Daily Actions Safe: We protect the livelihoods of our colleagues and communities.Committed to Serve: We go above and beyond to exceed our customers’ expectations.Environmentally Responsible: We take action to improve our environment.Driven: We deliver results in the right way.Human-Centered: We respect the dignity and unique potential of every person. We are proud of our high employee engagement score of 86. We have an inclusive and diverse culture where every voice counts. In addition, our team positively impacted 4.6 million people in 2023 through the Republic Services Charitable Foundation and local community grants. These projects are designed to meet the specific needs of the communities we serve, with a focus on building sustainable neighborhoods. STRATEGY Republic Services’ strategy is designed to generate profitable growth. Through acquisitions and industry advancements, we safely and sustainably manage our customers’ multiple waste streams through a North American footprint of vertically integrated assets. We focus on three areas of growth to meet the increasing needs of our customers: recycling and waste, environmental solutions and sustainability innovation. With our integrated approach, strengthening our position in one area advances other areas of our business. For example, as we grow volume in recycling and waste, we collect additional material to bolster our circularity capabilities. And as we expand environmental solutions, we drive additional opportunities to provide these services to our existing recycling and waste customers. Recycling and Waste We continue to expand our recycling and waste business footprint throughout North America through organic growth and targeted acquisitions. The 13 million customers we serve and our more than 5 million pick-ups per day provide us with a distinct advantage. We aggregate materials at scale, unlocking new opportunities for advanced recycling. In addition, we are cross-selling new products and services to better meet our customers’ specific needs. Environmental Solutions Our comprehensive environmental solutions capabilities help customers safely manage their most technical waste streams. We are expanding both our capabilities and our geographic footprint. We see strong growth opportunities for our offerings, including PFAS remediation, an increasing customer need. SUSTAINABILITY INNOVATION Republic’s recent innovations to advance circularity and decarbonization demonstrate our unique ability to leverage sustainability as a platform for growth. The Republic Services Polymer Center is the nation’s first integrated plastics recycling facility. This innovative site processes rigid plastics from our recycling centers, producing recycled materials that promote true bottle-to-bottle circularity. We also formed Blue Polymers, a joint venture with Ravago, to develop facilities that will further process plastic material from our Polymer Centers to help meet the growing demand for sustainable packaging. We are building a network of Polymer Centers and Blue Polymer facilities across North America. We continue to advance decarbonization at our landfills. As demand for renewable energy continues to grow, we have 70 landfill gas-to-energy projects in operation and plan to expand our portfolio to 115 projects by 2028. RECENT RECOGNITION Barron’s 100 Most Sustainable CompaniesCDP DiscloserDow Jones Sustainability IndicesEthisphere’s World’s Most Ethical CompaniesFortune World’s Most Admired CompaniesGreat Place to WorkSustainability Yearbook S&P Global POSITION SUMMARY: With direct supervision from a Lead Technician, Fleet Maintenance Supervisor or Maintenance Manager, a Maintenance Technician A performs repair and maintenance work on diesel and non-diesel equipment and trucks including, but not limited to, chassis components; refuse bodies, including control, hydraulic, and electrical systems; air brake systems; general engine work; HVAC components; and suspension, drive train and steering systems. Enjoy the benefits of working on a single fleet with state-of-the-art equipment, supporting our drivers as they run their routes and servicing some of the most technically advanced vehicles on the road. Tackle a new challenge every day. Maintain and repair highly intricate and powerful machinery. Receive training on new technologies and equipment. Work a regular shift in a stable industry. Be recognized for exceptional performance. Serve your community and your customers. Follow strong career paths for professional growth. Enjoy competitive wages and benefits. Join us and help make a positive impact on your community, your environment, and your world. Principal Responsibilities Maintains advanced knowledge of, and strong skill proficiency in, the following vehicle components and systems, with the ability to perform complex repair maintenance functions, both on-site and on the road.Chassis component repair and maintenance.Refuse bodies, including control, hydraulic and electrical systems; Air and hydraulic braking systems.Engine repair and maintenance.Suspension, drivetrain and steering systems.Heating and air conditioning systems.Line maintenance welding and fabrication.Identifies the source of the malfunctions using a variety of electronic tools.Completes applicable Company training programs.Performs other job-related duties as assigned or apparent. Qualifications 3 years of experience as a technician working on heavy-duty trucks.Ability to perform inspections and repairs without supervision in some (not all required) of the following heavy truck, or automotive systems: Suspensions & Steering, General Engine, Transmissions, Brakes, Electrical, Hydraulics, Drive Train, Diesel Emissions.ASE Heavy Truck Certifications (T1-T8) are a plus but not required.LNG and/or CNG experience is a plus but not required.Class B or higher Commercial Driver’s License is a plus but not required. Minimum Requirements Valid Driver’s License. Rewarding Compensation And Benefits Eligible employees can elect to participate in: Comprehensive medical benefits coverage, dental plans and vision coverage. Health care and dependent care spending accounts. Short- and long-term disability. Life insurance and accidental death & dismemberment insurance. Employee and Family Assistance Program (EAP). Employee discount programs. Retirement plan with a generous company match. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). The statements used herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by an employee in this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required by an incumbent so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the Company. EEO STATEMENT:Republic Services is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, relationship or association with a protected veteran (spouses or other family members), genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.