Title: Service Technician
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Ingersoll Rand is committed to achieving workforce diversity reflective of our communities. We are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. The Role The Field Service Technician for Ingersoll Rand's Industrial Technologies and Services Division serves customers by installing, troubleshooting, repairing and maintaining all makes of rotary screw and reciprocating and/or Centac and ECC air compressors, along with additional compressed air system components. You will use precision measuring tools for diagnostic trouble shooting of compressed air equipment. In addition, you need to have knowledge of all operations and parts manuals associated with all equipment. Job Responsibilities Effectively communicates verbally and in writing with customers and co-workers.Provides technical assistance on equipment pre-commissioning and start-ups, installations and repairs of compressed air systems. Including “hands-on” work to assure equipment operates to customer’s requirement with limited guidance from the Master Technician.Conducts safety assessments of a continuously changing working environment.Able to read wiring schematics and diagrams for all equipment.Serves as technical support for customers and Customer Service ManagersDocuments service and installation activities by completing work orders for each job, maintenance checklist and daily time sheets.Increases Ingersoll Rand customers awareness of how Ingersoll Rand products, services and solutions; such as Package Care, Preventative Maintenance, Diagnostics, Audits and Leak Detection can benefit their operations.Maintains rapport with customers by addressing complaints, identifying solutions, suggesting improved methods and techniques and recommending system improvements.Explains practices, procedures, and policies to reach agreement with suppliers and others outside of the job area.Provides assistance and training to Apprentices and Field Service Technicians.Ensures proper operation of compressed air equipment by completing preventative maintenance requirements and 47 point inspections on a wide variety of compressors, refrigerated dryers, desiccant dryers and additional compressed air components.Works with Service Coordinator on ordering and gathering parts and supplies necessary to complete installations and repairs.Advanced network systems installations (IMMC/ASC, X Series Automation)Basic vibration troubleshootingBasic Air Quality (system compressor/dryer – air treatment) Candidate Qualifications Desired applicants will have 2-5 years’ experience of troubleshooting industrial/commercial mechanical systems.High school diploma or equivalent requiredDesired degree program in Electrical/Electronics Technology or HVAC with advanced knowledge of some or all of the following: AC/DC circuits, wiring diagrams/schematics, motors/controls, PLCs, HVAC electricity, controls, refrigeration systems and/or refrigerant certification. Candidates who possess this knowledge or skills but have not completed a formal program may be considered.Operating knowledge of Microsoft office software and other basic computer usage. Proficiency with hand held computer (i.e. Smartphone, iPad) and network basesAdvanced verbal and written communication skillsAdvanced customer service skills including conflict management and opportunity development/consultingUse of advanced troubleshooting toolsCandidates must provide their own toolsAttend required Ingersoll Rand trainingMust possess a valid driver's license for a minimum of 12 months, with no major or frequent traffic violations including, but not limited to: DUI in the previous 5 years, Hit & Run, License Suspension, Reckless/Careless Driving or multiple smaller infractions or preventable collisions in the previous 3 years.EPA 608/F-GAS 303/2008/CE/ISHRAE Certification Preferred (Refrigeration experience/certification a plus).This position requires working in diverse conditions including but not limited to mechanical equipment rooms with exposure to noisy operating equipment, exposure to extreme weather conditions, precarious places, and risk of electrical shock (high voltage) with NFPA or equivalent standards.This position is highly physical and requires regular use of hands, fingers, walking, stooping, and kneeling. It requires employees to regularly lift and or move weight limits in line with the safety policy. We are committed to helping you reach your professional, personal and financial goals. We offer competitive compensation that aligns with our business strategies and comprehensive benefits to help you live your healthiest. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse culture that engages as well as values the different backgrounds and experiences of our employee, which, in turn, spurs innovation, generates creative solutions and enhances our customer relations.? If you share our passion for inspiring progress—for bringing about bold shifts in how people, economies and societies operate—then you belong with Ingersoll Rand. Progress begins with you. Ingersoll Rand Inc. (NYSE:IR), driven by an entrepreneurial spirit and ownership mindset, is dedicated to helping make life better for our employees, customers and communities. Customers lean on us for our technology-driven excellence in mission-critical flow creation and industrial solutions across 40+ respected brands where our products and services excel in the most complex and harsh conditions. Our employees develop customers for life through their daily commitment to expertise, productivity and efficiency. For more information, visit www.IRCO.com.