Title: Admission Counselor
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Company Description Our Job Corps programs provide life-changing services that help young people succeed in school, obtain good jobs, excel in their chosen fields, and serve as contributing members of their communities. We accomplish this through an intense commitment to safety, quality service, excellence, and partnerships. Job Description Assists and provides guidance to prospective Job Corps enrollees by determining basic eligibility, conducting screening, and providing career-based counseling. Recruit eligible and suitable youth for Job Corps Program.Interface with other outreach contractors and determine student qualifications for enrollment in support of the center’s residential, non-residential, and Other Training Provider (OTP) programs in compliance with government and management directives.Conduct outreach activities in communities, agencies, American Job Centers, and public events.Responsible for meeting departmental and center goals and objectives.Conduct orientation and interview with applicants including parent in case of minors.Perform applicant files procedures (data entry, scan documents on e- file).Participate in departmental meetings.Interfaces with at-risk students.Coordinate with centers to support applicants in travel arrangements.Perform Quality Assurance Checks on all applicant files.Clearly communicates and consistently models appropriate CSS and employability skills.Maintains accountability of staff, students, and property.Adheres to safety practices in all areas of responsibility.Fosters and sustains a conducive environment at the center, ensuring it remains free from harassment, intimidation, and disrespect, thereby ensuring a safe space for both staff and students to engage in work and learning.Attends all required staff training opportunities.Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in human services, psychology, counseling, education, social science, communications, or closely related field; orAssociate’s degree in human services, psychology, counseling, education, social science, communications, or closely related field, and two years related experience. Experience may include successful Job Corps outreach and admissions experience or successful outreach and admissions experience with other youth development programs.Experience working with diverse youth.A valid driver’s license in the state of employment with an acceptable driving record Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Equus Workforce Solutions is a leading provider of workforce development services in North America. With a dedicated and passionate team, Equus puts the industry’s best practices to work by focusing on the development, design, and delivery of demand-driven workforce solutions. When you join Equus, you can expect extensive learning opportunities and networking programs. But most of all you can expect to make a lasting impact on the lives of others. At Equus we are strengthened by diversity. We are committed to providing a work environment in which everyone is included, treated fairly and with respect. Equus Workforce Solutions is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, age, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, ancestry, religion, national origin, veteran status, physical or mental disability, or reprisal or any other characteristic protected under state, federal, or local law.