Title: OSP Engineer - II
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description This position is responsible for supporting the Make Ready function/Poles. Hybrid: 2 days a week in the office Utilize current and evolving technologies to accomplish work assignments Utilize personal computers and/or paper records to obtain information Utilize automated design programs as warranted / computerized drafting tools Interface with other organizations throughout the provisioning process Use Outside Plant (OSP) Protocol methods and procedures along with multiple databases to complete designs Track and monitor progress to ensure timely completion of the engineering work orders. Use economically cost-effective methods Part or all of the day may be spent in the office environment Skills Osp, Design, Telecommunication, Coax, Fiber optic, Autocad, Gis, Telecom, Plant engineering, Drafting/design, Autocadd, Arcgis, Permitting, Google earth, Engineering, Survey, Drafting, Gis analysis Top Skills Details Osp,Design,Telecommunication,Coax,Fiber optic,Autocad,Gis,Telecom,Plant engineering,Drafting/design,Autocadd,Arcgis,Permitting,Google earth Additional Skills & Qualifications Strong in Outside Plant Engineering Ability to review and understand an Engineering Work Order (EWO) Project Management experience across multiple work groups and turfs. Excellent verbal and written skills for inter-organizational and external customer communications. Strong organization skills and demonstrated ability to manage multiple, often conflicting priorities to successful completion. Experience with making independent decisions based on policies, practices and project requirements. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. About TEKsystems We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.