Title: Retail Sales Associate, Old Orchard - Part Time
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Please note – currently this role may not require an in-person interview and if you are selected for this role you will receive a job offer via email. Please watch your email closely for updates from us! Are you ready to bring your amazing self to work? At Macy's, Inc., we're on a mission to create a brighter future with bold representation for all. This is our Mission Every One. We know that each person here is unique. We respect and invest in each individual to create growth, pride and satisfaction. If we are able to bring our whole selves to work, it translates into a more abundant and wider array of ideas and energy for all to benefit from. Our success will be built on amazing colleagues, working together. Job Summary As a Retail Sales Associate, also known as a Generalist colleague, you are an integral part of bringing the Macy’s magic, and the Macy’s shopper is your highest priority. Your close attention to customer preferences and the expertise you develop in Macy’s merchandise and services will let you create exceptional experiences for every customer you encounter. As you help your team meet their sales goals through delivering consistently superior service, your positive, welcoming presence will be felt throughout your area. From the sales floor to the fitting rooms to product presentations, you will be part of a fun, inclusive team that rises to every challenge. What We Can Offer You An inclusive, challenging, and refreshingly fun work environment Empowerment to perform impactful work with tangible results Coverage across medical, dental, vision, and retirement Employee Assistance Program (mental health and financial literacy resources) Fully-Funded education benefits may include 100% of tuition, books, and fees Merchandise discounts Colleague Resource Groups (CRGs), give-back/volunteer opportunities What You Will Do Customer Service: Master store products, services, loyalty programs, and Macy’s sales systems and use knowledge to help customers find what they need and suggest additional items.Sales Support: Develop customer relationships to grow business and expand our client base. Respond to customer requests for additional merchandise or other assistance, including sharing how to use an electronic device to shop and compare. Assist in locating and pulling merchandise to fulfill digital customer orders.Merchandise Organization: Maintain department recovery standards, including selling floor and fitting rooms.Update Pricing and Signage: Deliver optimal merchandise execution presentation, ensure accurate merchandise pricing, and process markdowns in a timely and accurate manner. Who You Are Focused on upholding Macy’s dedication to fulfilling ideals of diversity, inclusion and respect that our company aspires to achieve, every day in every store and office, with every customer and associateFlexible availability, including days, evenings, weekends and holidays with regular, dependable attendance and punctualityEnjoy meeting people, learning about them, and sharing information Resourceful and eager to start a new venture and can adapt to changing priorities; you can work on your own but are great with team dynamicsYou can handle electronic devices with no problemNo Education or Experience Required Essential Physical Requirements Prolonged periods of standing/walking around the store or department Reach with hands and arms, use hands to press, handle, and feelOccasionally required to lift and/or move up to 25 lbs., climb ladders, stoop, kneel, crouch, and crawlRequires close vision, color vision, and ability to adjust focus About Macy’s Now is an exciting time for a Macy’s career as we continue to focus on creating exciting and memorable experiences for every Macy’s customer, whether their journey starts online or in the store. Our opportunities in Sales, Merchandise, Operations, Customer Service, Warehouse, Marketing, and other areas let you express your creativity and commitment to excellence, grow your career, and make a difference to your Macy’s colleagues and customers. Bring your creativity, energy, and ideas to the Macy’s team – Apply Today! STORES00 This position may be eligible for performance-based incentives/bonuses. Benefits include 401k, medical/vision/dental/life/disability insurance options, PTO accruals, Holidays, and more. Eligibility requirements may apply based on location, job level, classification, and length of employment. Additional benefit details are available at macysJOBS.com.