Title: Scientist for In Vivo Sales in Boston
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Are you passionate about discussing science, identifying opportunities for customer value creation and creating visible results? Do you have excellent analytical skills and a strong commercial mindset? Are you a natural communicator and thrive building relationships? If that is the case, we have a great career opportunity for you. Gubra is experiencing rapid growth these years and we are looking for a scientist with a profound interest in sales and business development to join our Sales & Marketing team working out of Boston. You will be part of a small Boston based team and working very closely with the rest of the Sales & Marketing team located in Hørsholm, Denmark. Your primary area of responsibility will be to partake in day-to-day sales operation, drive the forward-looking dialogues with key customers as well as identifying and following up on new business opportunities. Furthermore, you will be involved preparing sales presentations, market analyses, and marketing materials. Your primary areas of responsibility will be: Partake in selling and designing preclinical studies in close dialogue with the customer Key account manager for strategically important customer accounts Engaging in scientific and commercial dialogue with existing and new customers Building and maintaining relationships with existing and new customers Identifying, qualifying, and developing new business opportunities using the HubSpot platform Preparing sales presentations, market analyses, and marketing materials Attending and presenting at international conferences and symposiums We are looking for a person, who: Has a relevant scientific master or PhD Has experience with design and conduction of preclinical studies Has experience with in vivo pharmacology Has experience or profound interest in B2B sales and business development Has excellent communication skills in English, both in writing and orally Is energetic, proactive and build stakeholder relationships easily Is well-structured, analytical and has a hands-on approach Please apply no later than May 5, 2024, by uploading your motivated cover letter, resumé and relevant diplomas on our website. Please apply as soon as possible and note that applications will be reviewed on an ongoing basis. If you have questions about the position, please contact Department Manager, Frederik Friis-Hansen (ffh@gubra.dk). About Gubra Gubra is an ambitious and innovative biotech company striving for excellence at all levels. We insist on doing things efficiently – and often differently - to achieve the results we aim for. Our vision is to become leaders in the fight for a more sustainable and healthier world. We do that by facilitating the discovery of new medicine, and by acting and inspiring others to fight against the ongoing climate and biodiversity crises. We have two primary areas of business: Preclinical contract research (CRO) services, and Proprietary early target and drug discovery programs. We are a biotech company delivering science to our partners and to our own research projects. We are active in the so-called pre-clinical space - before drugs are tested in humans - and generate our revenue by performing research for small and large pharma companies. Our focus is within the metabolic space (obesity, diabetes, NASH (Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis), and diabetic complications), where we specialize in in vivo pharmacology, peptide chemistry, molecular pharmacology, 2D and 3D histology, spatial biology, NGS (next generation sequencing), bioinformatics and biomarker assays. We work with some of the most interesting and loyal partners and customers from across the world within big pharma, biotech, and academia. Through a constant focus on high quality, scientific excellence, speed, and solid teamwork we have established ourselves as a highly professional and competent partner in the market. People are our greatest asset, and our team consists of +220 employees all located in Hørsholm, Denmark. The mix of people from different cultures and educational backgrounds combined with our entrepreneurial mindset have greatly impacted our working environment, which is characterized by intensive drive, scientific curiosity, and teamwork – we join forces!