Title: Executive Assistant
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: KMS Job ID 2445041 Koniag Management Solutions, a Koniag Government Services company, is seeking an experienced Executive Assistant with a TS/SCI Clearance to support KMS and our government customer at the Pentagon, Arlington, VA. We offer competitive compensation and an extraordinary benefits package including health, dental and vision insurance, 401K with company matching, flexible spending accounts, paid holidays, three weeks paid time off, and more. Koniag Management Services currently has an opening for an Executive Assistant to provide onsite support to a client’s efforts to manage a portfolio of programs supporting the Office of the Chief Information Officer. Essential Functions, Responsibilities & Duties may include, but are not limited to: Provide the Senior Executive with administrative support.Drafts correspondence on behalf of the Senior Executive for review and approvalPrepares internal and external documents and correspondence.Acts as the point of contact between the Senior Executive and internal/external stakeholdersPlan and prioritize actions in the absence of the Senior Executive.Prioritizes conflicting needs; handles matter expeditiously, proactively, and follows-through on projects to successful completion often with deadline pressure.Assists in maintenance of Senior Executive’s schedule by prioritizing, planning, and scheduling meetings, conferences, teleconferences, and travel. Manages correspondence processes for the Senior Executive’s office.Responsible for quality of correspondence provided to the Senior Executive’s review. Work Experience, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Bachelors’ degree in a relevant field (experience in lieu of degree may be acceoted)Experience as an administrative assistant for an OSD level organization or as an executive officer to a Military Flag Officer or member of the Senior Executive Service is highly desired. At a minimum the candidate is required to possess the qualities and skills commensurate with said experience.Ability to uphold a strict level of discretion and confidentiality.Highly motivated professional and capable of managing demanding workload while prioritizing and managing competing priorities.Demonstrates excellent communication skills, a high level of integrity, critical thinking, and leadership courage.Sets and maintains a professional example at all times.Strong organizational, project management and problem-solving skills with impeccable multi-tasking abilitiesAbility to use CATMS.Experience with researching DoD Acquisition and related topics a plus.Ability to organize and manage large amounts of data, files, tasks, schedules, and information.Ability to work independently on projects, from conception to completion. Working Environment & Conditions This job operates in a professional office environment and has a noise level of mostly low to moderate. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. This position is primarily indoors, consistent with a standard office position and has a noise level of mostly low to moderate. The incumbent is required to stand, walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. The workload may require the incumbent to sit for extended periods of time. The incumbent must be able to read, do simple math calculations and withstand moderate amounts of stress. The incumbent must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 lbs. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. Our Equal Employment Opportunity Policy The company is an equal opportunity employer. The company shall not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender, or gender identity (except where gender is a bona fide occupational qualification), national origin, age, disability, military/veteran status, marital status, genetic information, or any other factor protected by law. We are committed to equal employment opportunity in all decisions related to employment, promotion, wages, benefits and all other privileges, terms, and conditions of employment. The company is dedicated to seeking all qualified applicants. If you require accommodation to navigate or to apply for a position on our website, please contact Heaven Wood via e-mail at accommodations@koniag-gs.com or by calling 703-488-9377 to request accommodation. Koniag Government Services (KGS) is an Alaska Native Owned corporation supporting the values and traditions of our native communities through an agile employee and corporate culture that delivers Enterprise Solutions, Professional Services and Operational Management to Federal Government Agencies. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Koniag, we apply our proven commercial solutions to a deep knowledge of Defense and Civilian missions to provide forward leaning technical, professional, and operational solutions. KGS enables successful mission outcomes for our customers through solution-oriented business partnerships and a commitment to exceptional service delivery. We ensure long-term success with a continuous improvement approach while balancing the collective interests of our customers, employees, and native communities. For more information, please visit www.koniag-gs.com. Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled. Shareholder Preference in accordance with Public Law 88-352 Medical Insurance Vision Insurance Dental Insurance 401k Disability Maternity Tuition Assistance