Title: Full-time Service Representative/Merchandiser Order Writer
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description Join our Mission to Lead the Future of Snacking AT Mondelēz International Full Time Nabisco Merchandiser/Order Writer Join our team of Full Time Nabisco Merchandiser/Order Writers and fulfill the merchandising needs of our customers through communication & relationship building, stocking store shelves, and maintaining or changing out displays. Become an ambassador of world-famous brands like Oreo, Ritz, belVita, Chips Ahoy, Triscuit, among other delicious industry-leading snacks. Represent Mondelēz in front of in-store employees and work closely with sales representative to optimize visibility of Mondelēz products on shelves and to construct promotional displays.Carry out in-store visits according to Mondelēz’ DSD Merchandising Steps.Order product (via iPad Tablet) for shelf and display to ensure in stock conditions.Ensure Nabisco leading brands (Oreo, Ritz, belVita, Chips Ahoy, Triscuit, among others) are well represented, stocked, and maintained through the implementation of Mondelēz’ guidelines.Ensure Sales Representative’s negotiated plans with store managers are being followed and communicate any issues with Mondelēz’ management team.Follow the daily schedule set by the merchandising manager to ensure the most efficient in-store service.Enhance seasonal sales, seasonal displays, and new product launches.Demonstrate positive, and upbeat attitude while representing Mondelēz in store. For a closer view of what our merchandisers do: Day in the Life of a Mondelez Merchandiser What you can expect from us: Hourly compensation rate of $18.50 an hour10% target incentive bonus plan with monthly and quarterly earning opportunitiesStrong career advancement opportunities within the companyTuition Reimbursement PlanPaid Time Off (PTO) – with Vacation accrual up to 10 days & Paid Sick Leave after 1 yearMedical, dental and vision benefits packages available, effective from start date with companyFree Preventive CareHealth Savings Account (HSA) or Flexible Savings Account (FSA) plans availableHealth and Well-Being ProgramLife and Disability InsuranceEmployee Assistance Program (EAP)Safety equipment such as kneeling pads, safety knives, and PPE Who is a good fit? Be at least 18 years of age, have a valid driver's license and proof of auto insurance.High School Diploma or GED preferred.Someone with a positive and professional attitude who is self-motivated and can work independently.Ability to drive your personal vehicle to a variety of store locations (mileage will be reimbursed).Ability to perform hard work in a fast-paced work environment and to meet the defined physical activities like repetitive lifting, bending, and carrying up to 25 lbs. Occasionally, pushing and pulling over 50 lbs. This includes physically moving our products from the stock rooms to store floor and stocking the store’s shelves.Previous retail / grocery experience is a plus.Live within 25-35 miles range from the primary location of: Avondale, Arizona.Secondary locations: Phoenix, Arizona.Schedule availability required: Monday though Saturday with early morning to mid afternoon shifts however schedules may change in the future. Business Unit Summary We are the makers and bakers of iconic brands including Oreo, Chips Ahoy!, Ritz, Triscuit, Swedish Fish, Sour Patch Kids and many others. The United States is the largest market in the Mondelēz International family with a significant employee and manufacturing footprint. Here, we produce our well-loved household favorites to provide our consumers with the right snack, at the right moment, made the right way. We have corporate offices, sales, manufacturing and distribution locations throughout the U.S. to ensure our snacks are close at hand for our consumers across the country. Mondelēz Global LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Applicants who require accommodation to participate in the job application process may contact 847-943-5460 for assistance. Job Type Regular Field Sales Sales