Title: Physical Therapist
Work Type: Contract
Description: MedPro Healthcare Staffing, a Joint Commission-certified staffing agency, is seeking a quality Physical Therapist for an assignment with one of our top healthcare clients. Requirements Must hold a Doctorate degree in Physical Therapy OR a Bachelor's degree in Physical Therapy and have passed the NPTEMust have graduated from an accredited school.Minimum one year's experienceCurrent state license as a Registered Physical Therapist / PT or proactively in the process of the application process for current state licensure as a Registered Physical Therapist / PT.Current CPR certification.Other requirements to be determined by our client facility Benefits Weekly pay and direct depositFull coverage of all credentialing feesPrivate housing or housing allowanceGroup Health insurance for you and your familyCompany-paid life and disability insuranceTravel reimbursement401(k) matchingUnlimited Referral Bonuses up to $1,000CEU reimbursement Duties Responsibilities The Physical Therapist / PT is responsible for the assessment of referred patients that require rehabilitation services which includes; providing direct patient care to assess their medical condition, functional capabilities, limitations and restrictions and potential for rehabilitation. Also, the Physical Therapist / PT will establish and administer a treatment program with specific goals determined according to the patient's capacity and tolerance under the direction of the Physician. As well, the Physical Therapist / PT must set realistic and achievable goals for their patients, document and record the patient's condition, and educate patients and families in an appropriate physical therapy method. Develops a plan of care for each physical therapy patient.Provides skilled physical therapy services / interventions in accordance with physician orders.Assesses patient needs, plans for, evaluates and modifies care to meet goals of physical therapy interventions.Collaborates with all disciplines to plan and evaluate team goals for each patient. About Agency MedPro Healthcare Staffing is a Joint Commission certified provider of contract staffing services. Since 1983, we have placed nursing and allied travelers in top healthcare facilities nationwide. Join us today for your very own MedPro Experience®. If qualified and interested, please call 954-623-8426 for immediate consideration. MedPro Staffing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, disability, marital status or veteran status. Key Words: Physical Therapy, PT, Therapy Weekly payment estimates are intended for informational purposes only and include a gross estimate of hourly wages and reimbursements for meal, incidental, and housing expenses. Your recruiter will confirm your eligibility and provide additional details. priorityalliedcandidates@medprostaffing.com