Title: Activities Director - Part-Time All Shifts
Experience Level: Director
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Position Details Job Title Shift: All ShiftsJob Title Status: Part-Time Join North Shore Healthcare, where trust, engagement, competence, respect, and passion drive our commitment to quality care. As a leading post-acute care provider in the Midwest, we seek exceptional individuals to join our team. Position Summary: As our Skilled Nursing Activity Director, you'll create and oversee dynamic life enrichment programs tailored to residents' needs. From physical to emotional well-being, you'll ensure a balanced leisure lifestyle and foster community engagement. Key Responsibilities: Plan, implement, and evaluate diverse activity programs for residents.Coordinate outings, special events, and community partnerships.Facilitate resident engagement in voting, council meetings, and volunteer activities.Manage department budget and ensure compliance with regulations. Requirements: Qualified therapeutic recreation specialist or licensed activity professional.Two years of social or life enrichment program experience in healthcare settings.Computer proficiency with Microsoft products and valid driver's license.Strong leadership, communication, and assessment skills. Benefits: Health, dental, and vision insurance.401(k) program, life, and disability insurance.Paid holidays, PTO, and opportunities for career growth. New Rain Pay App: On-demand pay app, allows you to transfer a portion of your paycheck before payday. You can borrow up to 50% of the pay you generated from the prior day(s) shift. The amounts borrowed are deducted from your checks each pay period. At North Shore Healthcare, we're dedicated to becoming the premier health services provider and employer in every community we serve. Join us and discover why North Shore Healthcare is the Right Choice for you. Apply today. Our mission is to establish a culture that reinforces the values necessary to be the premier health services provider and employer in each of the communities we serve. We understand that choosing where you want to go in your career is a big decision. We would like the opportunity to show you that North Shore Healthcare is the Right Choice for you.