Title: CDL Class A - Delivery Truck Driver (entry level)
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Position Details: $28.70 per hour to start with an increase to $29.70 after three months! 4 or 5 day work week!Paid Weekly! We Deliver the Goods: Competitive pay and benefits, including Day 1 Health & Wellness Benefits, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 401K Employer Matching, Education Assistance, Paid Time Off, and much more Growth opportunities performing essential work to support America’s food distribution system Safe and inclusive working environment, including culture of rewards, recognition, and respect Position Purpose: Food and food service delivery drivers fulfill a critical role in the country’s food supply chain. Our delivery drivers not only make sure the customers’ products arrive at their destination at the arranged times and in good condition, but they are the face of our company – building lasting relationships with our customers! The Driver Trainee is an entry level driver training role. Associates in this role will learn and/or gain experience in hauling freight and operating tractor trailers while assisting designated driver trainers with their deliveries and routes. Communicates and interacts with customers, vendors and co-workers professionally ensuring questions are answered accurately and in a timely manner. Functions as a team member within the department and organization, as required, and perform any duty assigned to best serve the company. Responsibilities may include, but not limited to: Successfully completes Entry Level Driver Trainee or Dock to Driver Training Program as required. Rides-with and assists driver trainer in executing deliveries as required. Performs all required safety checks (i.e., pre/post trip) including inspections of tractor/truck and trailer according to Department of Transportation (DOT) regulations; inspect tractor/truck and trailer to insure they meet company safety standards and take appropriate action as needed. Report all safety issues and/or repairs required. Follows all DOT regulations and company safe driving guidelines and policies. Immediately reports all safety hazards. Inspects trailer for properly loaded and secured freight. Performs count check of items and check customer invoices of products that have been loaded. Checks and complete in an accurate and in legible fashion all required paperwork associated with freight. Moves tractor to the loading dock and attach preloaded trailer as needed. Drives to and delivers customer orders according to predetermined route delivery schedule. Unloads products from the trailer, transport items into designated customer storage areas. Performs damage control checks on items, scans, and contacts supervisor about removing orders according to company policy. Verifies delivery of items with customer and obtain proper signatures. Collects money (cash or checks) where required. Loads customer returns on to trailer and secure trailer doors. Unloads damaged goods and customer returns and bring to the driver check-in and complete necessary paperwork. Unloads all equipment, materials and remove trash from trailers as required. Completes daily record of hours of service and enter in log in accordance with Federal DOT, state, and company requirements. Performs general housekeeping duties in tractor, loading dock area and keep trailers clear and clean as required. Performs other related duties as assigned. Click Here for a Job Preview Qualifications External Entry Level Hire: 0-12 months experience with a CDL-A High school diploma/GED or state approved equivalent Valid CDL A Meet all State licensing and/or certification requirements (where applicable) Must be 21 years of age Clean Motor Vehicle Report (MVR) for past 3 years Pass post offer drug test and criminal background check Pass road test Valid current DOT Health Card and/or able to secure new DOT Health Card Able to hand-lift and utilize two-wheeler, lift gate and/or other equipment to move and/or stack product cases/freight of varying size and weight throughout shift; product generally ranges from between 10-35 pounds and up to between approximately 60 and 90 pounds, depending on the location Internal Candidates: 1 year of service in good standing as outlined in the PFG Entry Level Driver Trainee or Dock to Driver Training Program, able to attain CDL Permit and DOT Health Card