Title: AR/Collections Coordinator III
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Title AR/Collections Coordinator III Location Quincy, IL About Us Ingersoll Rand Inc. is an American multinational company that provides flow creation and industrial products. Its products are sold under more than 40 brands across all major global markets. Based in Davidson, North Carolina, Ingersoll Rand operates in two segments: Industrial Technologies and Services and Precision and Science Technologies. This portfolio of industry-leading brands provide customers the most precise and innovative solutions in the market for monitoring, dosing and transfer of high-value fluids and gases. These solutions also deliver significant sustainability impact to clean energy, water, food and human health that makes life better for our society and planet. Job Summary The successful candidate will take ownership in managing an accounts receivable portfolio of diversified customers for Ingersoll Rand locations served by the Quincy, IL shared service center. An essential element of this role will include building effective customer relationships and collaborating with internal and external business partners to maximize collections. This individual must be able to work in a fast paced environment where the ability to prioritize is key and teamwork is necessary. This individual must embrace change and be willing to work as a change agent to continually improve the collections process. Other responsibilities include dispute management, research, resolution of unapplied cash/open credits, and preparation of month end reports. This candidate must be high energy; conducting themselves in a professional manner. Must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills. This position will report directly to the North America Collection Leader Responsibilities Responsible for using available collection software tools (Getpaid) to assist in executing effective strategies and initiatives to achieve continuous receivable delinquency improvement that contributes to a lower Days Sales Outstanding (DSO). Manage domestic and/or international accounts receivable accounts by analyzing, identifying, and reporting problem accounts. Monitor past due customer accounts, contact customers, and resolve issues that may delay timely payment. Identify issues for escalation and request credit holds. Responsible for developing and maintaining business relationships with customers and sales office personnel. Responsible for customer account reconciliation and identifying and tagging disputed items within assigned portfolio. Tracking and ensuring timely clearing of these disputed items is required. Conduct monthly meetings with Field Sales leadership to drive dispute resolution if required. Ensures timely and accurate responses to: customer inquiries, documentation issues, billing errors, payment application errors, disputes, program changes, and new sale requests/opportunities. Basic Qualifications Minimum Associate degree. BS/BA in Finance, Accounting, or other Business degree preferred. 1-3 years’ experience in finance or customer service, collections preferred. Must possess excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to interact and build relationships with team personnel, sales representatives, commercial offices, plants, and customers. Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Strong math aptitude with attention to detail and accuracy. Must possess strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task and to plan work/tasks daily, weekly, and monthly. PC literacy and basic Microsoft Office literacy required. Strong customer service and general office experience preferred. SAP/Oracle experience preferred. Travel & Work Arrangements/Requirements Fully site based Key Competencies Absolute KEY skills needed for role Collections experience Customer service experience What We Offer Our benefits –we ALWAYS include Shares options. At Ingersoll Rand we foster inspired teams. As a powerful and progressive global industrial company, we are looking for talented candidates with a bias for action and an entrepreneurial spirit to join our team. Our employees are empowered to act as owners every day for our customers, our communities and themselves. We offer a broad range of opportunities to build a successful and rewarding career with an innovative company. Join us at the new and exciting Ingersoll Rand. Ingersoll Rand Inc. (NYSE:IR), driven by an entrepreneurial spirit and ownership mindset, is dedicated to helping make life better for our employees, customers, and communities. Customers lean on us for our technology-driven excellence in mission-critical flow creation and industrial solutions across 40+ respected brands where our products and services excel in the most complex and harsh conditions. Our employees develop customers for life through their daily commitment to expertise, productivity, and efficiency. For more information, visit www.IRCO.com. Ingersoll Rand is committed to achieving workforce diversity reflective of our communities. We are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances.