Title: Auto Mechanics Foreman
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Works under the general supervision of the assigned Fleet Administrator within the General Services Division. Directs and coordinates the activities of workers engaged in the daily operation of one of the City's vehicle repair facilities. Supervises and coordinates all vehicle maintenance and preventive maintenance services. Prepares work orders and obtains necessary materials. Inspects completed repairs to ensure their conformity with accepted or established standards. Maintains material inventory and records transactions. Inputs data in computer, such as, parts inventory and employee records. Maintains shop operational budget and personnel productivity reports. Conducts operation and safety inspections by driving to various vehicle maintenance facilities across the City. Other Functions Performs additional functions (essential or otherwise) which may be assigned. TYPICAL PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Requires the ability to operate general office equipment such as a personal computer, calculator, and telephone. Requires the ability to inspect work which may involve bending, squatting, crawling under vehicles and traversing an automotive shop. Performs manual labor which will involve pushing, carrying and lifting approximately 50 lbs. Requires the ability to operate an automobile to make on-site visits to maintenance facilities. TYPICAL WORKING CONDITIONS: Work is performed in an office/vehicle maintenance shop environment and involves contact with staff and city personnel. Requires travel between various maintenance facilities. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: High school graduate or equivalent and eight (8) years' experience in the maintenance and repair of hydraulics, diesel and gasoline engines; electronic ignitions; and standard and automatic transmissions with three (3) of the eight (8) years in a managerial capacity or any combination of training and experience which enables one to perform the essential job functions. Must possess and maintain a valid Class "B" Tennessee (or equivalent out-of-state) Commercial Driver License and must comply with Federal Department of Transportation (DOT) Alcohol and Drug testing rules as a condition of continued employment. Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) Certification in Car and Light Trucks or Medium and Heavy Trucks preferred. The City Charter requires that City Employees must establish residence within Shelby County within six (6) months from date of Employment. Proof of residence will be required at the time of hire. The City Charter requires that City Employees, with the EXECEPTION of “first responders”, must establish residence within Shelby County within six (6) months from their date of Employment. Proof of residence will be required at the time of hire. As defined by Tennessee House Bill 105, "first responder means paid, full-time law enforcement officers, firefighters, and emergency medical personnel and dispatchers of law enforcement, fire and emergency medical service departments." The City of Memphis is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodation in its services, programs, activities, and employment for individuals with disabilities. To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact the Office of Talent Management at talent.management@memphistn.gov. Division: General Services Additional Information Posting Date: Apr 18, 2024 Compensation Minimum Salary: US Dollar (USD) 81,600.22 Maximum Salary : US Dollar (USD) 81,600.22 Pay Basis: Yearly