Title: Apprentice, Maintenance
Experience Level: Internship
Work Type: Full-time
Description: At Nutrien, our purpose is Feeding the Future and we do so with safety, inclusion, integrity and results as our core values. Nothing is more important than sending our people home safe, every day. Nutrien is a leading provider of agricultural products, services, and solutions. With over 26,000 employees world-wide, we are the largest producer of potash (by capacity) and one of the world’s largest producers of nitrogen and phosphate. We also operate a leading agriculture retail network that services over 500,000 growers globally. We harvest the best. Diverse views and experience make us strong. We look for people who have a safety-first mindset, who are collaborative team players, who deliver on their commitments, act with integrity, and who support inclusion. Working at Nutrien will provide you an opportunity to help us raise the expectation of what an agriculture company can beand grow your career. As part of the Maintenance and Reliability department, the Maintenance Technician will report to the Maintenance Superintendent. The Maintenance Technician Apprentice will maintain mechanical equipment including augers, gear boxes, blowers, compressors, belts, fans, rotary valves, mobile equipment, and various types of pumps. This position is located at our Kennewick, Washington site and is not eligible for remote work. What You Will Do Work safely and efficiently while following and adhering to all safety policies/procedures. Attend and complete necessary Nutrien training, Attend and complete specific job skills training Perform routine preventative maintenance on rotating equipment Play a critical role not only in ensuring your own safety, but the safety of others Perform millwright work including major overhauls of rotating equipment Document repairs and reliability information on equipment Follow written procedures and complete detailed checklists Work in excess of standard schedule including call-outs and holidays Work closely with contractors, vendors, and internal departments to develop preventative maintenance standards and procedures for equipment What You Will Bring High School Diploma or equivalent 3+ years working in an industrial environment is preferred Technical School Certificate from a recognized institution would be considered an asset General mechanical apptitude (troubleshooting and critical thinking) Working knowledge of the use of precision measuring instruments. Working knowledge of computer systems and Microsoft Office Suite Possess and maintain a valid driver's license, able to operate various types of equipments and/or earn certification Are you a good match? Apply today! The estimated salary that Indeed, Glassdoor and LinkedIn suggested does not represent Nutrien's compensation structure. Nutrien is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. This job will remain posted until filled. In accordance with Nutrien policies, you will be required to undergo a background check and may be required to undergo a substance test. While we appreciate all applications we receive, only candidates under consideration will be contacted. To stay connected to us and for the latest job postings and news, follow us on: LinkedIn , Facebook and Twitter