Title: Senior Accountant, International Accounting & Consolidations (Hybrid, 3 days in Palo Alto, CA Office)
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Company Description Guardant Health is a leading precision oncology company focused on helping conquer cancer globally through use of its proprietary tests, vast data sets and advanced analytics. The Guardant Health oncology platform leverages capabilities to drive commercial adoption, improve patient clinical outcomes and lower healthcare costs across all stages of the cancer care continuum. Guardant Health has commercially launched Guardant360®, Guardant360 CDx, Guardant360 TissueNext™, Guardant360 Response™, and GuardantOMNI® tests for advanced stage cancer patients, and Guardant Reveal™ for early-stage cancer patients. The Guardant Health screening portfolio, including the Shield™ test, aims to address the needs of individuals eligible for cancer screening. Job Description Guardant Health is looking for a International Accounting & Consolidations Senior Accountant who will contribute to the consolidations and international accounting operations of a publicly traded multinational company. The position will play a key role in the development, implementation and improvement of international accounting operations, consolidations and related system and process improvements. The ideal candidate will either have proven operational experience from companies with in-house international accounting operations or public accounting experience with clients who have global operations. This is a highly visible role, working cross-functionally and partnering closely with multiple teams. To be successful, the incumbent will be a strong people leader, collaborator, communicator, project/process manager, with the focus on details and the drive for continuous improvement. The position will be based in our Palo Alto office reporting to the Senior Director, Assistant Controller & Treasurer. Primary Responsibilities: Prepare journal entries, account reconciliations, consolidating entries, and fluctuation analysis for all international subsidiaries.Run the system translation, elimination and consolidation processes including reconciling and eliminating intercompany balances.Support the monthly consolidation process including preparation of consolidated fluctuation analysis.Ensuring foreign currency transactions are recorded and accounted for in accordance with US GAAP.Assist in corporate quarterly and annual auditors’ reviews with regards to international reporting, provide reconciliation support to help facilitate an optimal audit process.Ensure intercompany agreement terms are adhered to and settlements are prepared accurately and timely.Assist with managing statutory audits, tax filings (including VAT/GST returns), regulatory filings/compliance, and surveys.Assist with the preparation and processing of wires for payroll, payroll tax and corporate tax related payments when needed, ensuring accurate and timely disbursement of funds.Assist in the coordination with outside accounting/tax firms on transfer pricing documentation and ensure compliance with transfer pricing policies.Develop and maintain processes and internal controls for international accounting operations, ensuring adherence to local regulations, and identifying opportunities for automation and process improvement.Coordinate with cross-functional stakeholders in setting up new legal entities and international accounting operations.Help lead globalization efforts that aim to standardize accounting related processes and increase efficiencies across the globally distributed team, including maintaining the global chart of accounts.Support maintenance of desktop procedures to ensure current processes are accurately documented.Participate in special projects, analysis, and ad-hoc tasks as required by management.Assist with troubleshooting consolidation issues, and managing system change requests to help facilitate resolutions on close and reporting related issues.Assist with optimizing system accounting functionality for streamlined international reporting and fully leverage Oracle intercompany modules and subledgers.Assist with driving process and reporting improvements and standardization efforts while maintaining a high level of accuracy. Qualifications A minimum of 5 years of relevant experience in a public company and/or public accounting firm required.Bachelor's degree in accounting, finance or related field; CPA or MBA a plus.Highly proficient in Microsoft Office, specifically Excel.Strong ERP experience, Oracle Fusion inter-company experience preferred.A solutions-oriented team player who enjoys a dynamic work environment.Ability to communicate complex information in a clear and concise manner. Ability to effectively work with all levels and cross-functionally within the company including Senior Management.Strong analytical skills, with a sharp focus on details. Additional Information Hybrid Work Model: At Guardant Health, we have defined days for in-person/onsite collaboration and work-from-home days for individual-focused time. All U.S. employees who live within 50 miles of a Guardant facility will be required to be onsite on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays. We have found aligning our scheduled in-office days allows our teams to do the best work and creates the focused thinking time our innovative work requires. At Guardant, our work model has created flexibility for better work-life balance while keeping teams connected to advance our science for our patients. For positions based in Palo Alto, CA or Redwood City, CA, the base salary range for this full-time position is $96,000 to $129,600. The range does not include benefits, and if applicable, bonus, commission, or equity. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including, but not limited to, job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. If you are selected to move forward, the recruiting team will provide details specific to the factors above. Employee may be required to lift routine office supplies and use office equipment. Majority of the work is performed in a desk/office environment; however, there may be exposure to high noise levels, fumes, and biohazard material in the laboratory environment. Ability to sit for extended periods of time. Guardant Health is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our hiring processes for candidates with disabilities, long-term conditions, mental health conditions, or sincerely held religious beliefs. If you need support, please reach out to Peopleteam@guardanthealth.com Guardant Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. To learn more about the information collected when you apply for a position at Guardant Health, Inc. and how it is used, please review our Privacy Notice for Job Applicants. Please visit our career page at: http://www.guardanthealth.com/jobs/ , , ,