Title: Correctional Food Officer II
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description Of Work NOW ELIGIBLE FOR A $7,000 SIGN ON BONUS! To be eligible for a sign-on bonus, the candidate must not have worked as a probationary, permanent, or time-limited employee in the last 12 months as an employee subject to the State Human Resources Act. This position is Eligible for the Applicant Referral Bonus! Responsibilities Reporting to the Correctional Food Service Supervisor II, this position is responsible for the supervision of offenders performing large-scale food production and food service operations. Job responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: Supervising offenders in preparation and serving of daily meals to the facility’s offender population.Providing food production training to offenders including institutional cooking, baking, and serving.Ensuring sanitation standards are maintained in all areas of the kitchen and the offenders supervised are preparing food according to all quality and sanitary regulations.Maintaining proper food storage and monitoring inventory. This is a full-time position (40 hours per week) with State Benefits . This is a REPOST of positions 60072263 and 60072411. Previous applicants are still under consideration and do not need to reapply. This posting is for multiple vacancies: positions 60072263 and 60072411. Note To Current State Employees State employees are encouraged to apply for positions of interest even if the salary grade is the same as, or lower than, their current position. If selected for this position, a new salary will be recalculated taking into consideration the quantity of relevant education and experience, funding availability, and internal equity. Based upon these factors, a pay increase MAY result. About The NC Dept. Of Adult Correction (DAC) The Department of Adult Correction is responsible for the care, custody and supervision of all adults sentenced after conviction for violating North Carolina laws. This department includes State Prisons with custody, healthcare, and facility operations staff, as well as the division of Community Supervision. Other divisions include Administration, Compliance & Accreditation, Comprehensive Health Services, Internal Affairs & Intelligence Operations, Post-Release Supervision & Parole Commission and Rehabilitation & Reentry. About Columbus Correctional Institution Columbus Correctional Institution is in Whiteville, North Carolina and houses up to 698 male offenders in a medium custody facility. Knowledge, Skills And Abilities / Competencies The Knowledge, Skills and Abilities listed below, along with the Minimum Education and Experience requirements, are REQUIRED to qualify for this position. We will not review resumes in lieu of Experience and Education listed on the application. Click these links for additional information: Introduction to the Job Application and Addressing Knowledge, Skills and Abilities . (Note: These links were created for applicants of Department of Adult Correction jobs and may not reflect the policies or procedures of other State agencies.) To qualify for this position, applicants must document on the application that they possess ALL of the following: Knowledge of large-scale food production and food service activities Minimum Education And Experience Requirements Some state job postings say you can qualify by an “equivalent combination of education and experience.” If that language appears below, then you may qualify through EITHER years of education OR years of directly related experience, OR a combination of both. See https://oshr.nc.gov/experience-guide for details. High school or General Educational Development (GED) diploma and two years of experience in institutional food preparation and food services, in management of a commercial food service operations, or as a Correctional Officer Or An equivalent combination of education and experience. Minimum Education And Experience For a Trainee Appointment High school or General Educational Development (GED) diploma and one year of experience in institutional food preparation and food services, in management of a commercial food service operations, or as a Correctional Officer Or An equivalent combination of education and experience. Necessary Special Qualifications MUST be eligible for certification by the North Carolina Criminal Justice Education & Training Standards Commission. Supplemental and Contact Information The North Carolina Department of Adult Correction (DAC) is an Equal Opportunity Employer who embraces an Employment First philosophy which consists of complying with all federal laws, state laws and Executive Orders. We are committed to reviewing requests for reasonable accommodation at any time during the hiring process or while on the job. DAC uses the Merit-Based Recruitment and Selection Plan to fill positions subject to the State Human Resources Act with the most qualified individuals. Hiring salary will be based on relevant qualifications, internal equity, and budgetary considerations pertinent to the advertised position. It is critical to our screening and salary determination process that applications contain comprehensive information. Information should be provided in the appropriate areas to include the beginning and ending dates of jobs worked, education with the date graduated, all work experience, and certificates / licenses. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of completing this application. Answers to Supplemental Questions must refer to the education or work experience listed on this application to receive credit. Degrees must be received from appropriately accredited institutions. Applicants seeking Veteran's Preference must attach a DD-214 Member-4 Form (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty) to their applications.Applicants seeking National Guard Preference must attach a NGB 23A (RPAS) if they are a current member of the NC National Guard in good standing. If a former member of the NC National Guard who served for at least 6 years and was discharged under honorable conditions, they must attach either a DD256 or NGB 22.If applicants earned college credit hours but did not complete a degree program, they must attach an unofficial transcript to each application to receive credit for this education.If applying for a position certified through the NC Dept. of Justice - Criminal Justice Standards Division, click this link for specific certification requirements: Correctional & Probation/Parole Officer Certification .The NC Dept. of Adult Correction must adhere to the US Dept. of Justice Final Rule on the "National Standards to Prevent, Detect, and Respond to Prison Rape." Click this link for information on hiring and promotion prohibition requirements for all positions in the NC Dept. of Adult Correction: PREA Hiring and Promotion Prohibitions .Per NC General Statute 143B-972.1 , applicants hired into a position certified as a criminal justice officer or justice officer are required to electronically submit fingerprints to the NC State Bureau of Investigation for a state and national criminal history record check and enrollment in the FBI’s Next Generation Identification System: Criminal Justice Record of Arrest and Prosecution Background Service (“RAP Back”) . This is in addition to submitting fingerprints during the application process.If you were ever charged with a criminal offense at some point in your life, you will be required to provide certified and true copies of warrant(s) and judgment(s) for each offense (other than a minor traffic violation) as a condition of employment, even if documentation and charges have previously been reported to this agency. Due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide information regarding the status of your application over the phone. To check the status of your application, please log in to your account and click "Application Status." If you are selected for an interview, you will be contacted by management. If you are no longer under consideration, you will receive an email notification. For technical issues with your application, please call the GovernmentJobs.com Applicant Support Help Line at 855-524-5627. If there are any questions about this posting other than your application status, please contact Lyndsey Schrier at (910) 944-2359.