Title: F St. North Multivac Packaging Operators
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description Unique Career Opportunity! You will work in an exceptionally clean facility with easy and safe-to-use high tech machinery. We are extremely proud that all three of our production plants have received the prestigious Star Safety Award through the OSHA Voluntary Protection Program. This award is highly regarded and sets us apart in the Omaha Area. You will normally have nights and weekends free-start in the morning and end in the afternoon. You will get advanced training that will help you learn a skilled trade and develop into an expert to help you succeed in this position and prepare you for future growth opportunities at Omaha Steaks. You will have the opportunity to be part of an experienced team. You will work side-by-side with many employees who have been here for 10 years or much longer! Great Place to Work! Love what you do. Omaha Steaks employees work every day to deliver experiences that bring families and friends together, across the country. We’re proud to sell world-famous steaks and a menu of outstanding, wholesome products. The work is worthy of our name and the exceptional customer experience makes a lasting impression. Big brand, small company . Your work will help define the future of an American heritage brand and household name. Omaha Steaks reach is broad and impact is huge; our team is small, adventurous, and entrepreneurial. If you’re energized by making things happen, this is the place for you. It’s all in the family. Literally. We’re a fifth-generation family-owned business, and they’re not peering down from boardroom windows – the owners and leadership team actually run the business every day. You’ll find genuine relationships with every employee, with a family focus on safety, health care, educational assistance, and wellness. Essential Job Duties Arranges steaks, chops, ground beef, and other products on trays. Operates a therma former packaging machine to package product; performs all duties associated with boxing product, labeling and taping finished boxed product; responsible for accurate box weights and labels. Unwraps, wraps, packs, weights, labels and scales a variety of misc. gourmet products. Change out dies and other necessary parts in machine changeovers. Visually inspects products to ensure adherence to specifications. Performs a variety of miscellaneous activities such as repacking of orders, cleaning work area, supplying boxes and other necessary packaging supplies to packaging area, supporting auto-tapers and auto-labelers and all other duties as assigned. Meets expectations for attendance and punctuality. Skills And Abilities Must be 18 years of age. High school diploma or equivalent preferred. Packaging experience preferred. Must be able to read, write, and perform basic mathematical calculations. Must be able to operate taping machine, labeler, scale and CRT. This job has a floor to elbow height requirement of 38 ½” or more. Days And Hours Full-time Days. Work 40 hours per week. Schedules start at 7:00a.m. to 3:30p.m. Hours are based on business needs. Special Note Military Veterans and their spouses are encouraged to apply.