Title: Service Operations Specialist
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: General Summary The Service Operations Specialist contributes to premier service to the organization’s retail partners by completing service operations tasks, which produce service targets and enhance the day-to-day service functions. This role directly supports customer service leadership. Essential Responsibilities Researches consumer return discrepancies to provide warehouse with return authorizations. Collaborates with internal teams to execute and maintain wholesale trade terms and programs for North America. Enters and organizes seasonal North America pricelists into SAP. Maintains season tables. Builds and distributes routine department reports to guide daily retail partner service activities. Creates ad hoc departmental reports as needed. Supports service leadership with ad hoc reporting and service projects, as needed. Serves as a business contact on SAP initiatives and system upgrades related to pricing and warehouse testing. Assists with training as needed. Reviews and assigns physical inventory allocation to specific wholesale orders, as needed. Helps standardize and streamline department related processes as needed, consulting appropriate departments. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in business, finance, or relevant field preferred. Minimum one (1) years of experience in customer service and/or operational background. Footwear, outdoor, or relevant industry experience preferred. Experience with SAP software required. Ability to collect and manipulate data from multiple sources to develop reporting and analytics. Intermediate Excel skills. Proficient in Access, Word, PowerPoint and Business Objects or other reporting software. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to convey complex analytical results in simplified, actionable reports. Ability to initiate work independently within defined procedures. Travel Required No travel required for this role Base Salary: $56,630 - $63,000 yearly This range represents the low and high end of the anticipated base salary range for this position. The actual base salary will depend on numerous factors such as: experience, knowledge and skills, and location. Our base salary is just one component of our competitive total rewards strategy which includes numerous benefits and perks as well as specific health and welfare benefits. Why Work at KEEN: Driven by a passion for life outside, KEEN is a values-led, independently owned brand from Portland, Oregon, that’s on a mission to create original and versatile products, improve lives, and inspire outside adventure. Founded in 2003, KEEN launched a revolution in the footwear industry with the introduction of the Newport adventure sandal, and has donated more than $18 million to non-profit organizations and causes around the world to promote responsible outdoor recreation, including conservation efforts to protect open spaces. KEEN strives to show the world through its products and its actions that a business for good can actually be good for business. By giving back, reducing impact, and activating communities and individuals to protect the places where we work and play, KEEN puts its values in motion and takes action to leave the world a better place. At KEEN, we believe in a more just and equitable future for all people. As a global brand, we acknowledge that our business, buildings, and daily lives exist within the traditional territories of indigenous peoples. We strive for a future that recognizes the knowledge, rights, and resilience of these peoples. KEEN Footwear is an equal opportunity employer. We value an inclusive and diverse community. Qualified candidates of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.