Title: Registered Nurse, Obstetrics
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Organization STCH-Sutter Tracy Community Hosp Position Overview Accountable for the assessment, coordination delivery and evaluation of nursing care, including direct patient care, patient/family education and transitions of care in an acute patient setting. Delivers holistic and individualized care to all patients in an assigned area. Develops, implements, and coordinates a plan of care that incorporates psychological, sociocultural, spiritual, economic, and life-style factors. Fosters and maintains collaborative relationships between patients, their family/support group, physicians, and other healthcare providers through timely and effective communications. Adheres to hospital polices, industry standards, best practices, and applicable laws and regulations to promote an optimal patient experience. Education Job Description: Graduate of an accredited school of nursing. Certification & Licensure RN-Registered Nurse of CaliforniaBLS-Basic Life Support Healthcare Provider Department Required Certification & Licensure ACLS-Advanced Cardiac Life Support:NRP-Neonatal Resuscitation Provider:Fetal Monitoring Certificate Typical Experience 2 years of recent relevant experience. Skills And Knowledge Demonstrated general knowledge and competence with regard to nursing theories, concepts and practices; medical terminology; anatomy; and physiology.Working knowledge of the healthcare industry, safety precaution policies, best practices regarding patient care and privacy, and changes in local/state/federal regulations.Possess written and verbal communications skills to explain sensitive information clearly and professionally to diverse audiences, including non-medical people.Time management and organizational skills, including the ability to prioritize patient care, assignments and work within standardized policies, procedures, and practices to achieve objectives and meet time sensitive activities.Basic knowledge of computer applications, such as Microsoft Office Suite (Word and Outlook).Work independently as well as be part of the team, while accomplishing multiple interventions in an ever-changing environment.Ability to communicate and engage team members, patients and families in a variety of stressful situations.Use existing procedures and critical thinking to identify and solve routine or complex problems.Ensure the privacy of each patient’s protected health information (PHI).Build collaborative relationships with peers and other healthcare providers to achieve departmental and corporate objectives.Prioritize assignments and work within standardized policies, procedures, and scientific methods to achieve objectives and meet deadlines. Job Shift Nights Schedule Per Diem/Casual Shift Hours 12 Days Of The Week Variable Weekend Requirements Once a Month Benefits No Unions Yes Position Status Non-Exempt Weekly Hours 0 Employee Status Per Diem/Casual Number Of Openings 1 This position may regularly work, store, prepare, receive, unpack, transport, dispose of, or administer drug(s) identified as hazardous, or potentially hazardous, by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) for purposes of USP 800. Sutter Health is an equal opportunity employer EOE/M/F/Disability/Veterans. Pay Range is $59.26 to $81.06 / hour The salary range for this role may vary above or below the posted range as determined by location. This range has not been adjusted for any specific geographic differential applicable by area where the position may be filled. Compensation takes into account several factors including but not limited to a candidate’s experience, education, skills, licensure and certifications, department equity, training and organizational needs. Base pay is just one piece of the total rewards program offered by Sutter Health. Eligible roles also qualify for a comprehensive benefits package.