Title: Freight Broker Agent
Work Type: Contract
Description: Freight Agent program at Global Transport, Inc. A family-owned freight brokerage company is looking to hire motivated individuals who want to pursue a career in the freight brokerage business. Our goal is to provide you with the perfect environment to create opportunities for future success. Global Transport Inc. has been in transportation and freight brokerage since 2007 and gained a reputation as a reliable third-party provider.If you join us, you become a part of our community of experts, who are always willing to help and share an experience. Our benefits:Competitive commission plan. No earning limits.No non-compete agreement.Work-from-home allows you to manage your time to gain the best result.Opportunity to improve your brokerage/sales skills with the help of our qualified specialists.High credit score and company reputation (old and clean MC).Fast credit checks and customer setups.Software tools provided by the company (TMS, Load boards, Tracking, etc).Listed among the fastest-growing companies of any type in Ohio in the last 7 years.Our support is REAL. Every agent is being assisted through all his working processes. Support with setting up customers/carriers, assisting with claims, and helping to resolve any issues in the workflow. We are here to help.We don’t contact or solicit your customers, it’s strictly yours and nobody else’s. Unlike some brokerages, your customers remain yours, even if you leave. Qualifications:A book of business is required.1+ year of experience in the freight brokerage industry.A fluent level of English is essential.Strong communication and negotiation skills (written and verbal). Job duties:Generate new business opportunities.Actively contact and follow up with potential customers.Provide potential customers with competitive shipping quotes.Collaborate with carriers - negotiations, vetting, setup process, etc.Ability to communicate with all levels of management and clients.Building long-term relationships with new clients. The perfect individual for this position is seeking both sales and operations responsibilities. It should be a strong operator with carrier management and negotiation skills but also highly motivated with proven sales skills.