Title: Warehouse Management Trainee
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Warehouse Management Trainee Pay from $65,000 to $75,000 per year Nevada Branch 8800 Military Road, Reno, NV 89506 Are you an emerging warehousing leader and champion for collaboration, training and teamwork? Then you belong at Uline! As a Warehouse Management Trainee, you’ll learn the ins and outs of warehouse operations and leadership through hands-on experience. It’s an exciting time to join our growing company - with new opportunities and job stability you can count on! Relocation assistance is available for qualified candidates. Available Shifts Monday - Friday, 10:30 AM to 7 PMSunday - Thursday, 8:30 PM to 5 AM Position Responsibilities Master all aspects of warehouse operations management through an 18-month rotational program providing on-the-job learning.Participate in hands-on training across all warehouse teams including inbound, outbound and supporting departments.Develop Warehouse Management skills to uphold exceptional levels of accuracy, safety and performance in a high-performing warehouse environment.Complete forklift and warehouse equipment certifications throughout warehouse job rotations. Minimum Requirements Bachelor’s degree.Ability to learn quickly in a fast-paced warehouse management environment.Enthusiastic, self-motivated team player with the ability to multitask.Excellent problem-solving and critical-thinking skills with strong attention to detail.Willing to relocate (with support) to another Uline Warehouse location as needed. Benefits Complete medical, dental, vision and life insurance coverage, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.401(k) with 6% employer match.Paid holidays and generous paid time off.Tuition Assistance Program that covers professional continuing education.Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing. Employee Perks Best-in-class, clean, modern facilities.First-class fitness center.Beautifully maintained walking path. About Uline Uline is North America's leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials. We're a family-owned company known for incredible service, quality products and same-day shipping of our huge in-stock inventory. With over 9,000 employees across 13 locations, it's time you joined Uline. Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment hair follicle drug screening. EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled (#IN-NVWHMT) Our employees make the difference and we are committed to offering exceptional benefits and perks! Explore Uline.jobs to learn more!