Title: Retail Sales – Part Time
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: We are happy you have taken time out of your day to check out this Retail Sales Associate opportunity with Lowe's. Do any of the following statements match your current goals? I'm at least 18 years old, and I want to share my whole self in an inclusive work environmentI want to work for a company who welcomes and appreciates the military communityI'm retired, but I still want to work part-time or full-timeI currently have a job and need supplementary incomeI want to build a career with a company that doesn’t require a four-year degreeI'm a stay-at-home parent, ready to return to workI need flexibility in my schedule because I have children or other responsibilitiesI'm interested in debt-free education, tuition reimbursement, or certificate programsI want to learn a skilled trade and possibly start my own companyI am bilingual I love DIY projects Whatever your need for employment, we at Lowe's believe we can help you build a better life and career, and we are all-in to help you achieve your goals. We are hiring immediately for this role, so make sure you apply today. Here's what you will do in this role: As a Lowe's Retail Sales Associate – Part-Time, you are the key to our customers' positive shopping experiences. You will be the smiling person who greets customers as they enter our doors or shop our aisles. You will engage customers regarding the types of projects they are working on and how you may help. You will guide shoppers to the right products or introduce them to the appropriate sales specialist who can assist. As you learn more about your department and Lowe's, you will understand which products naturally go together. It will be your responsibility to ensure that you share this knowledge with your customers. Here's an example: If a customer is looking for a lamp, do they need a shade? What about light bulbs? See, it's that simple! Lowe's offers jobs for people who aren't interested in sitting behind a desk for hours. Instead of answering phones, you might be in the store or the garden center, walking, talking to our customers, watering plants, and restocking items. Depending on your department, some lifting (building materials, paint, or maybe mulch) may be required with or without assistance. What's in It for You? Beyond the chance to make a difference for customers and teammates, each day will allow you to learn, grow, and celebrate wins together with your Lowe's team. Our associates enjoy the following benefits: A 10% discount on everything at Lowe'sEligible for debt-free education and skilled trade programsAccess to comprehensive physical, mental, and financial benefits*Opportunity to earn quarterly bonusesFlexible schedules to fit your lifestyleCareer growth—over 50% of our leaders started as hourly associates Your Day at Lowe's Deliver excellent customer serviceHelp customers find products and provide recommendationsHelp load customer merchandiseRestock merchandise Requirements Be able to lift up to 25lbs. unassisted, or over 25lbs assisted. Possess 6 months experience operating common retail technology, smartphones, tablets, or computers. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, email HRServiceCenter@lowes.com. Bilingual applicants are encouraged to apply. Benefits offerings change each year and eligibility varies. For the most up-to-date breakdown of what's available to you, visit MyLowesBenefits.com. Bilingual, Military, and Veteran applicants are encouraged to apply. Starting rate of pay may vary based on factors including, but not limited to, position offered, location, education, training, and/or experience. For information regarding our benefit programs and eligibility, please visit our benefits page. Lowe’s is an equal opportunity employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex, gender, age, ancestry, national origin, mental or physical disability or medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other category protected under federal, state, or local law. Starting rate of pay may vary based on factors including, but not limited to, position offered, location, education, training, and/or experience. For information regarding our benefit programs and eligibility, please visit https://talent.lowes.com/us/en/benefits.