Title: Senior Editor, San Francisco - The Infatuation
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: This inclusive employer is a member of myGwork – the largest global platform for the LGBTQ+ business community. The Infatuation is hiring a Senior Editor, San Francisco to work in partnership with our writers on their restaurant reviews and guides, helping them to hone their voices and find the perfect phrase, while also managing a high volume of content output. You will have the opportunity to shape content strategy for our San Francisco market, and guide a team of writers. As a Senior Editor, San Francisco in The Infatuation (CDJ), you will be responsible for running calendar meetings and brainstorms with the larger editorial strategy in mind. You will have the opportunity to lead team meetings, manage direct reports, and set short and long-term expectations for individual writers and the larger San Francisco editorial strategy. You will promote an inclusive working environment and nurture the professional growth of your team of writers. This position is an editing job and also very much an eating job. Job Responsibilities Edit every review, guide, and newsletter for The Infatuation San Francisco.Research and fact check the historical and cultural context of various cuisines, dishes, and neighborhoods. Manage a team of diverse writers in San Francisco.Collaborate with the Social team on visual content to help reach our shared engagement goals.Collaborate with our Growth team on Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and data-informed decisions that drive site traffic. Required Qualifications, Capabilities, And Skills You have 5+ years of editing experience. You’re comfortable diving into a piece of writing and know how to give constructive feedback to writers.You have people management experience. You've overseen diverse teams and will be comfortable having writers report to you.You possess excellent copy-editing and fact-checking skills. You love grammar and would lose sleep over a missing comma or a misspelled menu item.You're passionate about restaurants, and San Francisco. You're the kind of person who plans trips around what you're going to eat, and you're the friend in the group who picks the restaurant.You live in or around San Francisco.