Title: Registered Nurse RN Operating Room PRN
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Description PRN Must have OR Circulating experience and must be able to take call Do you want to be appreciated daily? Our nurses are celebrated for being on the front line, empathetic for patients. At Methodist Hospital Texsan our nurses set us apart from any other healthcare provider. We are seeking a(an) Registered Nurse RN Operating Room PRN to join our healthcare family. Benefits Methodist Hospital Texsan, offers a total rewards package that supports the health, life, career and retirement of our colleagues. The available plans and programs include: Comprehensive medical coverage that covers many common services at no cost or for a low copay. Plans include prescription drug and behavioral health coverage as well as free telemedicine services and free AirMed medical transportation. Additional options for dental and vision benefits, life and disability coverage, flexible spending accounts, supplemental health protection plans (accident, critical illness, hospital indemnity), auto and home insurance, identity theft protection, legal counseling, long-term care coverage, moving assistance, pet insurance and more. Free counseling services and resources for emotional, physical and financial wellbeing401(k) Plan with a 100% match on 3% to 9% of pay (based on years of service)Employee Stock Purchase Plan with 10% off HCA Healthcare stockFamily support through fertility and family building benefits with Progyny and adoption assistance. Referral services for child, elder and pet care, home and auto repair, event planning and moreConsumer discounts through Abenity and Consumer DiscountsRetirement readiness, rollover assistance services and preferred banking partnershipsEducation assistance (tuition, student loan, certification support, dependent scholarships)Colleague recognition programTime Away From Work Program (paid time off, paid family leave, long- and short-term disability coverage and leaves of absence)Employee Health Assistance Fund that offers free employee-only coverage to full-time and part-time colleagues based on income. Learn More About Employee Benefits Note: Eligibility for benefits may vary by location. At Methodist Hospital Texsan, our nurses play a vital part. We know that every nurse’s path and purpose is unique. Do you want to create your own personal career path in nursing? HCA Healthcare is your career destination! Our scale makes it possible for nurses to create the career path that fits their life – for life – and empowers their passion for patient care. Apply today for our Registered Nurse RN Operating Room PRN opportunity. Job Summary And Qualifications We are seeking a Registered Nurse for Methodist Hospital Texsan to ensure we continue to provide all patients with high quality, efficient care. We are an amazing team that works hard to support each other and are seeking a phenomenal addition like you who feels patient care is as meaningful as we do. We want you to apply now! Our Registered Nurses have access to a variety of resources to help you reach your goals including: A comprehensive orientation processValuable mentorship from specialty specific educatorsLeadership development programs State-of-the-art units equipped with the latest technologies in patient care What You Will Do In Your Role: You will consistently apply the nursing process, critical thinking skills, scientific judgment, technical skills and leadership to independently deliver safe nursing care to patients. You will collaborate with the patient care team to achieve quality patient outcomesYou will provide communication, confidence, and professionalism as evidenced by active engagement in unit and organizational activitiesYou will demonstrate team work, adaptability, and serving as a resource to the patient care teamYou will have accountability for delivering quality nursing care services and for promoting a positive image of nursing What qualifications you will need: Graduate of an accredited diploma, associates, or baccalaureate degree registered nursing program. Minimum of six (6) months of clinical experience as a licensed Registered NurseCurrent Registered Nurse License in the State of Texas or Multi-State Compact License (Employees with RN Compact License are required to obtain Texas RN License within 90 days of hire date)Current American Heart Association BLS Certification Methodist Hospital Texsan is a 120 bed acute care hospital. We remain one of South Texas’s premier heart and orthopedic hospitals. We are certified in chest pain and heart failure with comprehensive cardiac services. Our orthopedic services, including the Joint Replacement Academy and the Center for Spine, hold some of the best clinical results in the industry. We achieve this by using state-of-the-art technology, such as our robotics program. Methodist Hospital Texsan is the first hospital in San Antonio to receive the Joint Commission’s Gold Seal of Approval for Chest Pain Certification. We were awarded the Heart Care Center National Distinction of Excellence. This is the highest recognition a hospital can receive. Our ICU was awarded the Silver Beacon Award for Excellence. We are also recognized as a Level IV trauma center. Our 30 bed Inpatient Rehab Unit has received the Rehabilitation Stroke Certification from the Joint Commission. Methodist Hospital Texsan has been deemed one of Modern Healthcare’s Best Places to Work in Healthcare for 3 years in a row. We were a recipient of the 2019 Guardian of Excellence Award® by Press Ganey. Join our record setting team today! "The great hospitals will always put the patient and the patient's family first, and the really great institutions will provide care with warmth, compassion, and dignity for the individual."- Dr. Thomas Frist, Sr. HCA Healthcare Co-Founder Join a family that cares about every stage in your career! We are interviewing candidates for our Registered Nurse RN Operating Room PRN opening. Apply today and a member of our Talent Acquisition team will reach out. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.