Title: Perinatal Technician
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Signature Healthcare is Southeastern Massachusetts’ premier local provider of quality, personalized medical services. We are comprised of the award-winning not-for-profit Signature Healthcare Brockton Hospital; Signature Medical Group (SMG), a multi-specialty physician group of more than 150 physicians practicing in 18 ambulatory locations. We believe our distinctive Signature Healthcare team approach is the way healthcare should be: medical professionals across many locations communicating and collaborating, taking advantage of technologies and resources to make a difference in the lives and health of our patients. Position Summary To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to meet expectations relative to the purpose of the position and perform each primary responsibility satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill education, experience, and/or ability required to perform this position successfully. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the primary responsibilities. Location: 680 Centre Street, Brockton, MA Department: Maternal Child Health This is a part-time evening position Responsibilities Essential functions include activities in which incumbent must convey and receive detailed or important instructions to and from patients, associates, volunteers, visitors, and other professional and non-professional groups including the following capabilities: Understands the customer’s needs and provide correct information and the ability to resolve problems requiring logical thinking and follow through.Functions calmly and logically under tense and difficult situations.Works with frequent interruptions and responds appropriately to unexpected situations.Constructive feedback and initiates appropriate actions to correct situations.Manages difficult patients.Deals with a variety of unique situations where only limited standardization may exist.Interprets a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.Uses appropriate judgment in communications and actions with patients, physicians, other associates, outside agencies, and suppliers. Demonstrates well-developed interpersonal skills to work in a fast paced environment involving interaction with associates, clients, and patients.Demonstrates respect and regard for the dignity of all patients, families, visitors, and fellow employees to ensure a professional, responsible, and courteous environment. Commits to recognize and respect cultural diversity for all customers (internal and external).Communicates effectively with internal and external customers with respect of differences in cultures, values, beliefs and ages, utilizing interpreters when needed. Performs other duties as assigned Basic Knowledge/Skills/Aptitude/Experience Experience in maternal child health care preferredConfidentiality skillsExcellent communication and interpersonal skills.Excellent customer service skills in order to deal with the needs of patients and their families.Basic computer and telephone skills. Education/Experience/Licenses/Technical/Other Education: High school diploma or equivalent required. Graduate of a certification or technical program (CCA, CNA, CORT, PCT, PCA, etc.). Previous health care experience preferred.Experience: One-two years of suggested working experience as a CCA, CORT, CNA, PCT, PCA preferred.Certification/Licensure: Current American Heart Association BLS for Healthcare Provider. completion. Software/Hardware: Meditech, IDX and AllScripts experience preferred.Other: