Title: Panda Express In Person Interview Day - Tucson, AZ - 04/30 (1673)
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Panda Express Open House Interview Day! Thank you so much for your interest in joining our In PersonOpen House Interview Day. Tuesday, April 30th, 2024, 11AM - 3PM Now Hiring: Service & Kitchen Team, Shift Leader & Cook, Assistant Manager, Store Manager LOCATION: 3587 East Broadway Road, Tucson, AZ 85716 Our Panda Service and Kitchen Team associates are important members of our team and are responsible for warm, welcoming, and great food for our guest. Service and Kitchen Team Associates Join us as a Service and Kitchen Team AssociateWe're looking for friendly team players to provide great customer service and cook food for our guests. Thrive in a safe and supportive work environment with team members who become friends. There's always something new to learn, do, and accomplish. If you don't have experience, we'll train you! You'll get opportunities to gain skills that help you rise in your career, no matter where you go. We're all about giving back, so you'll also get the chance to impact your community through our Panda Cares initiative. Let's work together. How we reward you:** Flexible schedulesGreat pay and bonusFree meals while working at PandaMedical and Dental Insurance for full-time associates401K with company matchAssociate discounts for many brandsOpportunity to give back to your communityHands-on paid training to prepare you for successOn-Going Career & Leadership DevelopmentOpportunities for growth into management positionsCandidates must meet, and continue to meet if employed, eligibility requirements for each benefit to qualify. You'll get a chance to: As a Service Team Associate, you'll create a warm environment for our guests and provide great serviceAs a Kitchen Team Associate, you'll cook delicious food while maintaining the highest standards of cleanliness , Service And Kitchen Team Qualifications Your background & experience: Friendly and helpful team membersOperations experience is a plusSome high schoolFood Handler certification may be required depending on local requirements, acquired at your expense Service & Kitchen Team Pay Range: $18.50 - $19.50/ Hour*Shift Leader & Cook Pay Range: $20.50 - $21.50/ Hour*Assistant Manager Pay Range: $25.00 - $26.00/ Hour*Store Manager Pay Range: $28.00 - $29.00/ Hour* Within the range, individual pay is determined using various factors, including work location and experience. ADA Statement: While performing duties, counter areas are often hot with steam from steam table and food vapors. Workspace is restricted and employees are generally expected to remain standing for long periods of time. Employees must prepare hot and cold foods, use Chinese cook knife and other kitchen equipment and work quickly without losing accuracy. Employees must be able to lift up to 50 lbs., stand up to four hours and reach across counter tops measured at 36 inches to serve customers. Kitchens are hot and noise levels are usually high; storage space is limited and shelving is high. Employees must be able to work in a fast-paced work environment, have effective verbal communication skills, ability to adapt to a dynamic environment with changing priorities, and the ability to manage conflicts/difficult situations. Panda Strong since 1983: Founded in Glendale, California, we are now the largest family-owned American Chinese Restaurant concept in America. With over 2,300 locations globally, we continue our mission of delivering exceptional Asian dining experiences by building an organization where people are inspired to better their lives. Whether it’s impacting our team or the communities we work in, We're proud to be an organization that embraces family values. You're wanted here: We value diversity in all forms and know the strength it brings. Workplace equality allows for creative ideas to bloom, diverse points of view to be heard, and improves overall happiness. We like the sound of that. Panda Restaurant Group, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to providing equal opportunity, and does not discriminate on the basis of any characteristic protected by law, including but not limited to sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related conditions), gender expression, race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, ancestry, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, and veteran status. Additionally, Panda Restaurant Group, Inc. complies with all federal, state, and local laws regarding requests for workplace accommodations. If there is a reason you believe you require an accommodation, please reach out to Human Resources.