Title: Regional Field Support Staff
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Posting is for the Northwest Region of Colorado, Counties in this region are Delta, Eagle, Garfield, Grand, Gunnison, Jackson, Hinsdale, Lake, Mesa, Moffat, Montrose,* Pitkin, Rio Blanco, Routt and Summit. Travel is required throughout this region in order to meet the unique needs of stakeholders and the communities who reside in the region. We are committed to increasing the diversity of our staff and providing culturally responsive programs and services. Therefore, we encourage responses from people of diverse backgrounds and abilities. The Work Unit: Division of Disease Control and Public Health Response (DCPHR) - "The Division of Disease Control and Public Health Response exists to ensure that the Department has the ability to effectively monitor, detect, diagnose, prepare for, and nimbly respond to, all types of conditions and events that impact the public’s health." The Office of Emergency Preparedness and Response (OEPR) develops and implements emergency response plan for CDPHE to fulfill the State’s Emergency Support Function #8: (Health, Medical and Mortuary). CDPHE is the responsible state agency for the protection of health and the medical response of victims when an emergency occurs in Colorado. OEPR works to ensure that CDPHE, local public health, and medical agencies have plans for responding to emergency events and administering medication in mass quantities to all citizens in Colorado. What You Will Be Doing:The purpose of the Regional Field Support Staff is to coordinate with, and provide emergency management technical assistance to local, State and Tribal government agencies with emphasis on emergency management organizations prior to, during, and following a major emergency or natural or human caused disasters. Focus is on strengthening local and regional capacity and capability through development and validation of local and regional plans, policies, training and exercises for first responders along with local elected/appointed officials. Additional focus on integrating State agency response with local authorities. Fosters interagency and inter-jurisdictional mutual aid cooperation, and implementing public education programs and awareness. May directly integrate federal response agencies into local and State response and recovery activities. Responsibilities of the position include but not limited to:Conduct in-depth on-site visits with assigned jurisdictions regarding public health emergency management, mitigation, growth management, grants monitoring and evaluation, plans development and maintenance, training, and exercise development. Plan and implement regional forums for jurisdictions to discuss issues relevant to the assigned area, including strategic, long-term and contingency planning.Provide technical assistance and capacity-building efforts related to all hazard events that could result in public health impacts, mass casualties, property and infrastructure damages, economic impacts, and/or disruptions of governmental services and operations.Ensure all personnel with an emergency response role receive training on its incident management system.Ensure the incident management system includes specific organizational roles and responsibilities for each incident management function.Know and understand local jurisdiction structure, procedure and role in all-hazards emergency operations.Assist local jurisdictions in coordinating, preparing and conducting all-hazards, and emergency management exercises designed to validate the adequacy of plans, the training of response/emergency personnel, identify additional areas of needed training, the availability of resources through mutual aid, and the coordination required by responding/supporting organizations/agencies (NIMS and ICS).Provide facilitation services, technical planning assistance and financial resources in support of the development of exercises that evaluate regional capacity for managing large-scale emergencies and mass- casualty incidents, including incidents of public health emergencies, and ensure conformance with federal (NIMS) exercise evaluation and after-action standards. Field exercises may involve 10 or more local jurisdictions, 50 or more individual agencies and more than 300 individual participants. Provide technical assistance with grant administration to PHEP-recipient jurisdictions to ensure compliance with contract requirements, annual program papers, quarterly financial reports, and quarterly program progress reports.Work with PHEP funded jurisdictions to develop and upgrade local emergency operations plans which mirror the National Response Plan and the CDPHE Emergency Response Plan. Assist in the presentation of portions of training courses for emergency management personnel and first responders, and in education forums for local elected officials to foster greater understanding of emergency management. In the event of an activation, serve as a representative between the response management structure (I.e. emergency manager, incident commander or IMT) and the State in providing knowledge of local assets, geographic information, information management systems, local, regional and state response plans and procedures, and state/federal resources. Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal Rights:Residency Requirement: (New)This posting is only open to residents of the State of Colorado at the time of submitting your application. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Option 1: Six (6) years of relevant experience in emergency management, public health, disaster management or other closely related experience aligned to the work assigned to the position. OR Option 2: Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution in emergency medical services, public health or government or a field of study closely related to the work assignment. ANDTwo (2) years of professional experience in emergency management, public health, disaster management or other closely related experience aligned to the work assigned to the position. OR Option 3: Master's degree from an accredited institution in emergency medical services, public health or government or a field of study closely related to the work assignment. **This experience must be substantiated within the Work Experience section of your application. "See Resume" will not be accepted. In addition, part-time work will be prorated. A copy of your transcript must be submitted at the time of application (Unofficial transcripts are acceptable).** **** YOU MUST ATTACH A COPY OF TRANSCRIPTS TO YOUR APPLICATION**** NOTE: Click on the link here How to Apply to submit a complete application that documents your work history giving details of your qualifications, including how your experience aligns with the minimum and preferred qualifications for this position when listing your work history. Preferred Qualifications: In addition to the minimum requirements, the successful candidate in this position will have the following highly desirable experience and competencies:Relevant experience with the State of ColoradoExperience with emergency management. Experience in emergency preparedness and response coordination. Conditions of Employment:Pursuant to CDPHE policy, a background check is required for all positions at CDPHE. This is a critical position and can be expected to work and/or remain at their worksite in delayed start, early release, or closure situations.Critical Status: Must be available in the event of an emergency, (e.g., bio-terrorist attack, chemical attack, disease outbreak or all hazards) and be required to report to work immediately at the regular or alternate location. During this time, travel restrictions may be in place. Critical Status: Must be available in the event of the activation of the Continuity of Operations Plan (COOP) and be required to report to work immediately at the regular or alternate location. During this time, travel restrictions may be in place. Travel is required for meetings with other state agencies, LPHAs and stakeholder groups, attend conference. may includes occasional overnight stays.