Title: Mental Health Therapist I (House of Mercy Newton)
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Employment Type Full time Shift Day Shift Description POSITION IS LOCATED AT THE NEWTON, IOWA HOUSE OF MERCY LOCATION** $2,000 Sign-On Bonus! Essential Functions Provides therapy services in individual and group sessions. Provides crisis intervention and conflict resolution assistance. Demonstrates ability to differentiate between emergency and non-emergency tasks and responds accordingly.Provides immediate supportive counseling and necessary assistance to clients dealing with a crisis or emergency situation.Provides continuum of services that includes appropriate mental health supports, etc.Completes an initial assessment through utilization of proven tools including the American Society of Addiction Medicine Patient Placement Criteria (ASAM). Obtains bio-psychosocial history information and identifies client needs by interviewing the client, reviewing available records, conferring with other professionals and appropriate House of Mercy staff, and contacting other information sources as necessary and appropriate. Analysis and evaluation of client situation consistently reflects advanced competency in psychosocial assessment and diagnosis.Performs a comprehensive assessment (psychosocial history) to analyze and synthesize the client’s status and addresses the client’s strengths, problems, and areas of clinical concern. On an ongoing basis assesses client needs/strengths, behaviors, and progress toward desired outcomes. Specifically monitors client progress in areas of personal growth, education, prenatal care, parenting, employment, living skills, etc. Determines need for outside professional evaluations and independently refers to community practitioners/agencies as needed. Provides psychosocial counseling/treatment services to restore clients to optimum social and physical well-being (within their capacity). Provides therapy in individual and group sessions for co-occurring, mental health, trauma, and personal growth related concerns.Provides family and/or couples therapy services in designated situations. Develops treatment plans based upon assessment and in accordance with program requirements, state regulations, etc. Communicates pertinent treatment plan information to clinical staff as needed. Implements plan and monitors patient's progress.Conducts regular case review meetings to review and discuss client progress, assure consistent implementation of treatment plan goals/objectives, and promote team involvement in problem solving/resolution. Coordinates services with community agencies as needed to provide an extended, high quality continuum of care. Prepares and distributes required reports and other documentation of services according to House of Mercy policies and procedures, applicable laws, regulations and licensing requirements. Minimum Knowledge, Skills And Abilities Required Master’s Degree in a human services related discipline, required. Temporary license to provide mental health therapy in the State of Iowa or LMSW (licensed master social worker) OR Independently LicensedProof of completion of Mandatory Reporter abuse training specific to population served within first 30 days of employment. Understand medical terminology and communicate effectively with healthcare professionals. Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion Trinity Health is one of the largest not-for-profit, Catholic healthcare systems in the nation. Built on the foundation of our Mission and Core Values, we integrate diversity, equity, and inclusion in all that we do. Our colleagues have different lived experiences, customs, abilities, and talents. Together, we become our best selves. A diverse and inclusive workforce provides the most accessible and equitable care for those we serve. Trinity Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other status protected by law. 00506950