Title: Senior PPC Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Directive Consulting is the performance marketing agency for SaaS and Tech companies. We use Customer Generation (a marketing methodology developed by us) which focuses on SQLs and Customers instead of traditional metrics like MQLs. We offer Paid Media, SEO, Performance Creative, and Video to our clients by creating comprehensive digital marketing strategies that allow our clients to hit their SQL targets, every time. This role reports to the Associate Director and is a crucial part of the Paid Media team. The Senior Account Strategist works directly with our enterprise clients and runs point on communicating results, creating custom strategies, and executing Paid Media deliverables. In this role, you will gain experience creating high-performing Paid strategies for enterprise SaaS businesses. Roles & Responsibilities Oversee and lead a collection of accountsServe as direct support to client contacts Weekly communication with any vendors or operational partners to ensure we're aligned on tasks being assigned, work quality, and any improvements we can make to that dynamic Drive referrals via client relationships and professional network Build strategies for clients each quarter Have the ability to create, maintain, and optimize budgets for paid media campaigns across multiple channels Deeply understand client positioning and unique value propositions Confirm lead routing is accurate within a CRM Understand the value of Programmatic campaigns Responsible for personal productivity and utilization Work directly with Associate Director to ensure internal and client goals are being achieved What You Offer 4+ years experience at a paid media agency (bonus for B2B) Deep expertise across search and social (programmatic is a bonus) Experience managing B2B businesses Ability to drive results and measure via OCT Proven and measurable success with mid-market or enterprise accounts A unique perspective on how to drive value for SaaS Ability to translate and articulate strategy and tell stories with data Equal parts competitive and curious; you’re a true problem solver You live on the cutting edge of the industry, always looking for opportunities to grow and share Ability to organize, prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously You’re quality-obsessed and have not lost your soul for advertisingTravel to visit clients approximately once per year, per client or as needed What Success Looks Like You encompass our core values through every interaction; internally and externally Effectively manage approximately five mid-tier and enterprise accounts Meet and exceed department level OKRs, such as client growth and goal attainment Build client trust and relationships that create consistent renewals Cross-sell services that align with client goals and objectives Clearly communicate results with client point of contact and executives Exceptional decision making, as it relates to strategic direction for accounts What We Offer 🏠 We have a set living wage at Directive 🙏 Medical, dental, vision plans, disability, and life insurance coverage for you and your family that fit your lifestyle Including a 100% employer-paid plan for you and a 50% employer contribution for your dependents Benefits To Support The Whole Person 🧠 Mental - Access to certified therapists through Spring Health, membership to Headspace 💪 Physical - Gympass 🛫 Time Off - Unlimited PTO (2-week minimum), Paid Company Holidays, Your Birthday Off, End of Year Recharge (Closed December 24 - January 1), Paid Parental Leave 💰 Financial - Traditional and Roth 401(k) with a 3% company match 🌟 Bonus - Annual bonus based on tenure, which scales in total amount over time 🌴 Annual Anniversary Trip to Newport Beach, CA with peers and executive leadership for fun and entertainment! Work Environment Requirements As a remote-first company, you’ll have the ability to work from anywhere in the US, with the option to enjoy our state-of-the-art offices in Irvine, California. For some positions, as posted, we will accommodate global opportunities where we have established businesses, including Canada, the UK, and Australia. For global locations, you must have established and current work authorization and permanently reside in that country. This role has the opportunity to operate 100% virtually from your home office. We primarily collaborate with our colleagues through virtual meetings (Zoom), and Slack. In this role, you will be required to operate a laptop computer (PC or Mac available), computer software platforms, and other office productivity tools as necessary. Due to the nature of this role, you must be able to remain stationary for extended periods, must be able to observe and interpret written and/or verbal communication, must have reliable internet access, and a professional background. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential job duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. If you require reasonable accommodations in completing this application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, direct your inquiries to careers@directiveconsulting.com. Additional Information At Directive, one of our core values is People First. We’re committed to fostering a more diverse and inclusive culture in the digital landscape. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.