Title: Staff Nurse RN or LPN (Mental Health Facility)
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description: United Recovery Project is seeking a professional, dedicated, and compassionate Nurse to join our outstanding Nursing Team. Candidate must have a thorough understanding of mental health disorders, and have the skills and compassion necessary to work in this environment. We require that all applicants have the ability to clear a Level 2 government background check, and have experience working with individuals who have high acuity mental health disorders e.g schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, etc. At United Recovery Project, we foster a close-knit, family-like atmosphere. firmly believing that a cohesive team significantly enhances the quality of patient care we provide. We offer abundant opportunities for personal and professional growth. Perks of the Staff Nurse Position: · 96 Hours of PTO annually · Paid Holidays · Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits · Voluntary benefits available (including Short Term, Accident, Disability, Life Insurance). · Supportive work environment · High staffing ratios! · Career growth! Core Responsibilities of the Staff Nurse: Examines patient, performs nursing screen, and initial health screens.Overseeing the medical and psychiatric management of the patient in coordination with the attending physicianDiscusses case with Physician and utilizes other health professionals to prepare comprehensive patient care plan.Recommends referrals or other forms of specialized treatment, as needed.Instructs and counsels patients regarding compliance with prescribed therapeutic regimens.Collaborating with multi-disciplinary team to ensure all aspects of client care.Administer medications to patients. Pay Range: LIcensed Practical Nurse: $29.00 to $34.00 per hour Registered Nurse: $36.00 to $39.00 per hour *Commensurate with experience. Learn more about our Programs: URP Behavioral Health United Recovery Project Genesis House Requirements: Qualifications of the Staff Nurse:Valid and active Nursing License is required.Computer literacy required.A minimum of 2-year experience in Mental Health setting required.KIPU EMR knowledge preferred.Current CPR certification and First Aid preferred.Applicants are required to successfully clear a Level 2 Background check. #PM23 PI239174107