Title: Assistant Property Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Overview At CubeSmart, our culture makes the difference. When we say it’s what’s inside that counts, we are saying “you count” Responsibilities What CubeSmart Self Storage offers: Excellent Schedule – Most shifts end at 6:00 p.m. and Sundays off*Competitive Hourly Pay & BonusPaid Time Off – Vacation, Sick, & HolidaysGenerous Health Benefits401k Retirement Plan with Company MatchTuition ReimbursementSelf-Storage Discounts In your role at CubeSmart Self Storage, you will be required to manage and maintain your property. This includes skills in both customer service and property maintenance. The Assistant Property Manager is responsible for…. Customer Service Developing customer relationships by identifying self-storage needs and providing appropriate solutions while delivering a WOW! or 5-Star service.Interacting face to face with customers, providing excellent service, and building rapport.Meeting monthly sales goals and metrics.Walking the property to perform lock checks and showing units to customers.Working both independently and on a team renting self-storage spaces, selling store merchandise, managing the leasing process, accepting payments utilizing our Point-of-Sale System (POS), completing daily bank deposits, and making courtesy calls to customers regarding late payments. Property Maintenance Physical requirements include daily walks of the property, cleaning the units and the property, opening, and closing of the storage doors (up to 50 lbs.)Maintaining facility which includes mopping, sweeping, changing light bulbs, cleaning out storage units, and similar light activities.Keeping a clean and safe storage facility to ensure condition meets company guidelines (i.e., clean restrooms, landscaping, parking, and paving, fence, walls, doors) You’ll love working here because… YOU WILL MAKE A DIFFERENCE – YOU WILL BELONG TO A TEAM – YOU WILL GROW WITH US Qualifications You’d be great in this role if you have… A positive and outgoing personality with a passion for helping people.Experience in delivering high quality customer service to a diverse customer market.Basic computer skills. We also want you to know that... You must have the ability to work Saturdays.Valid driver’s license and insurance with access to reliable transportation used during the workday.While performing the duties of this job, you will be frequently required to stand, sit, kneel, crouch, crawl, bend, climb or balance on a ladder.Some locations may require Sunday hours We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.