Title: Electrical Engineer, Early Career
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Working at the Naval Nuclear Laboratory we foster pride in belonging to an organization whose culture is made up of these core values: Trust, Empowerment, and Collaboration. Our company encourages diversity and inclusion in all its forms while ensuring the safety and reliability of our nation's naval nuclear reactors, and training the Sailors who operate those reactors in the U.S. Navy's submarines and aircraft carrier Fleets. Looking for a lifetime career? Apply today! Job Description Would you like to get away from your desk and get your hands on some hardware, working on cutting-edge technical work in a way that you can see directly impacting the mission in a laboratory/test environment? If you want to use your Electrical Engineering knowledge and skills to solve real world problems and see your ideas come to life, then the Materials Test Unit in the Bettis Test Programs Department is looking for you! With design and implementation cycles lasting from weeks to months you can quickly have direct input to solve real problems that are affecting the Navy by developing new technologies that will advance the program's mission, Apply today! The Materials Test Unit at the Naval Nuclear Laboratory supports the Advanced Materials Test Laboratory which performs material testing supporting primary and secondary plant development. More about the role: The candidate should have familiarity in the fields of instrumentation and control, data acquisition, and control software programming.Required tasks include trouble shooting, developing repair procedures, maintaining configuration control, preparing operating procedures and drawings, and working with outside vendors to fulfill service contract requirements.The candidate should possess a strong ability to efficiently troubleshoot complex electrical control systems to ensure failures do not impact production schedules.Innovative solutions coupled with strong working relationships will serve as the foundation to success. The candidate would work with a diverse team of engineers, scientists, technicians, project managers, and vendors to deliver unique, one-of-a-kind test systems that support the Naval Reactors program. Required Combination Of Knowledge And Skill Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in engineering or science related field and 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree from an accredited college or university in engineering or science related field and 1 year of relevant experience; or Currently or previously EOOW qualified in the Nuclear Operations Program; or SRE qualified. Preferred Skills Previous work in testing facilities and infrastructure to select, maintain, and troubleshoot electro-mechanical devices (valves, pumps, heaters, heat exchangers, flow meters, pressure vessels). Motivation to pursue advances in technology, make decisions, and deliver results. Ability to program in function block language and ladder logic control software. Familiar with HMI or control station software and advanced PLC programming Familiar with general computer networks and the ability to function as a domain administrator. Compensation And Benefits Health, Dental, Vision & Voluntary BenefitsDisability, Life & Accident Insurance401(k) Savings program & Captial Accumulation PlanPersonal & Medical Time OffPaid Parental LeaveFlexible Work SchedulesTuition Assistance for Eligible EmployeesStudent Debt Benefit Personal Time Off Sell ProgramEmployee Assistance Program (EAP)Wellness ProgramVisit us online to view all NNL benefits! Pay Range $76,400.00 - $117,000.00 annually Salary information provided is a general guide line only. Annual salary is based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations The Naval Nuclear Laboratory is operated for the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) by Fluor Marine Propulsion, LLC (FMP), a wholly owned subsidiary of Fluor Corporation. Naval Nuclear Laboratory personnel are FMP employees who work at four DOE facilities: Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory, Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory, Kenneth A. Kesselring Site, and Naval Reactors Facility, and at the U.S. Department of Defense-owned Nuclear Power Training Unit-Charleston. FMP employees also have an established presence at numerous shipyards and vendor locations. For nearly 70 years, the Naval Nuclear Laboratory has developed advanced nuclear propulsion technology, provided technical support, and trained world-class nuclear operators to ensure the safe and reliable operation of our nation's submarine and aircraft carrier Fleets. The Naval Nuclear Laboratory is a national asset solely dedicated to the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program. We rely on the dedication and innovation of our nearly 8000 engineers, scientists, technicians, and support personnel. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or disability. All candidates must be U.S. citizens. Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter. FMP is a government contractor and maintains a drug free workplace and workforce. All candidates must be able to pass a drug test in compliance with FMP company policy and 10 CFR 707. Federal regulation requires FMP test for marijuana. Fluor Marine Propulsion is an Equal Opportunity Employer (Veterans/Disabilities) Committed to Workplace Diversity