Title: Warehouse Worker
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Pay: Up to $16/hr and up to $2,500 through our performance bonuses. Location: HORIZON Tampa, FL - H828, 3701 W Lambright Street, Tampa, FL 33614 The Job The Warehouse Worker ensures our customers get what they need for their landscape jobs, when they need it - through disciplined inventory management, exceptional service and teamwork and a positive attitude. Many of our employees started in this role and went on to become managers at the sales center and even region level, so the opportunity for advancement is huge! Responsibilities Eagerly greets walk-in and phone customers, helps them locate product, and guides them to an appropriate team member for additional assistance.Accurately pulls, fills and packs orders for delivery or pickup, and communicates effectively with team members and customers throughout the order fulfillment process.Assists in loading the delivery truck.Receives shipments, logs into inventory, processes returns accurately, and maintains inventory through audits.Operates a forklift safely and efficiently, maintains required certification, performs vehicle safety checks, and reports discrepancies to supervisor.Assists in keeping shelves and yard stocked and organized. Performs housekeeping duties to maintain a clean, safe and secure facility, with attention on end-of-day equipment storage and closing procedure.Helps with customer service and order entry when necessary.Other duties as assigned. Requirements Follows and carries out instructions with minimal supervision.Maintains composure in a fast-paced environment focused on serving business owners with urgent needs.Ability to recognize patterns and discrepancies, and make decisions to meet set criteria or procedure.A cooperative, dependable team player.Keen awareness of how actions behind-the-scenes can impact customer service.Aptitude to learn ever-evolving computer systems, programs, handheld technology and processes.Ability to frequently lift and move items that weigh up to 20 pounds and occasionally up to 75 pounds.Possess or obtain forklift certification.Must be 18 years of age or older to apply. Preferred High school diploma or GED.Bilingual (English/Spanish) a plus.Prior experience in distribution or warehousing is helpful. The Company Horizon Distributors, Inc. (Horizon) is a wholly owned subsidiary of POOLCORP – the world’s largest publicly traded distributor of swimming pool, landscaping and outdoor living products – which employs over 6,000 team members in more than 420 sales centers worldwide. Horizon operates 70 of those sales centers across the US and is a leading distributor of landscape and irrigation products with a focus on serving the needs of professional landscape contractors. With more than 60 years of industry experience, Horizon prides itself in offering the convenience and buying power of a national company with the personalized service and attention to detail of a local store! Why Horizon? At Horizon, our people ARE our priority and there are so many reasons to join our team! Here’s a few… Career Opportunities: Looking for a career – not just a job? Then we may be the place for you! We have both the career opportunities and training needed as you grow. We offer continuous learning – locally in sales center training sessions, virtually in our online learning center, in the classroom at our training facility in Dallas, TX, and through tuition reimbursement. At Horizon, the sky is the limit. Excellent Benefits: Our generous benefit package includes: group medical, prescription, dental, vision and life insurance; 401(k) – offered currently with a company match; an employee stock purchase program; seasonal sales and rewards programs; an Employee Assistance Program, exclusive vendor discounts offered to POOLCORP / Horizon employees and more. Winning Team: Our history of success is the result of our winning team. At Horizon, you will work with some of the best and brightest, in a stable environment, with predictable work hours and the ability to earn even more through overtime, and continuous rewards when targets are met…which is often the case. Join us and you’ll join a “winning team.” So, whether you are new to the business or are a seasoned professional, Horizon has a place for you. Horizon Distributors, Inc. / POOLCORP is a drug-free company. Horizon Distributors, Inc. / POOLCORP is an Equal Opportunity Employer – By Choice. The Company understands, respects, and values diversity – unique styles, experiences, identities, ideas, and opinions – while striving to be inclusive of all people. This commitment is critical to our success as a global company as we seek to recruit, develop, and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. Hiring and promotional decisions are based solely on the qualifications required for the job to be filled. This position is considered “safety-sensitive” and includes tasks or duties which could affect the safety and health of the employee performing the tasks or others. To apply, email monica.kurtz@poolcorp.com #HDIEAST1