Title: Sales Manager, Overland Park, KS
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Company: Cogent Communications is a global, Tier 1 facilities-based ISP, consistently ranked as one of the top five networks in the world and is publicly traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the ticker symbol CCOI. Cogent specializes in providing businesses with high speed Internet access and Ethernet transport services. Cogent's facilities-based, all-optical IP network backbone provides IP services in over 216 markets globally. Since its inception, Cogent has unleashed the benefits of IP technology, building one of the largest and highest capacity IP networks in the world. This network enables Cogent to offer large bandwidth connections at highly competitive prices. Cogent also offers superior customer support by virtue of its end-to-end control of service delivery and network monitoring. Responsibilities: The Sales Manager is responsible for leading a direct sales team of 7 to 10 Regional, National and Global Account Managers. The Sales Manager will develop and execute a Sales Strategy to meet and exceed the assigned team quota. Direct customer contact will comprise a major portion of this role. The Sales Manager reports to the Director of Sales. Responsible for hiring, training and developing a diverse team of AMs in the sale of DIA, Ethernet Point-to-Point, Colocation and IP Transit into the SMB, Corporate and Enterprise market segments on a regional, national and global level.Drive, meet and exceed sales revenue and productivity objectives.Manage and utilize pipeline management for each sales rep.Work on time management to ensure efficiency in achieving goals /metrics set for AMs. Qualifications: We’re looking for candidates that welcome a challenge, are motivated, driven and exhibit strong work-ethic.It’s not about the number of years of experience you have; it’s about what you’ve accomplished in those years of experience.Candidates must have: a proven track record of success selling Cogent’s product set, experience finding new business, strong team leadership, coaching and management experience.A college degree is preferred.Proficiency with CRM systems and PC based applications such as Word and Excel a must.Some travel will be required. What we have to offer: Cogent is a financially stable fast-growing organization. We are cash flow positive and have one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. We provide an exciting opportunity to lead a sales team with unlimited earning potential, in a fun fast-paced environment that provides unlimited support and recognizes individual and team achievements. You will be a part of an organization that is experiencing tremendous growth, providing our team members opportunities to grow within the company and Cogent has a reputation for promoting our top performing team members into leadership roles. Compensation Package:Competitive Base, Uncapped Commission, Bonuses, Stock Options, Benefits, 401k, and more! COVID-19 Policy: Cogent has adopted a mandatory vaccination and booster policy which requires all U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated ( including booster shots when eligible) against COVID-19. Prior to beginning employment, new employees must provide proof of vaccination or apply for and receive an accommodation to be exempt from the policy. By submitting an application or resume for this position, I understand that is an in-office position and agree to abide Cogent’s mandatory vaccination policy. To apply for the Sales Manager position, please submit your resume and cover letter to careers@cogentco.com . Cogent Communications is an Equal Opportunity Employer.