Title: Sales Associate
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Create a healthier, brighter future for pets, pet parents and people! If you want to make a real difference, create an exciting career path, feel welcome to be your whole self and nurture your wellbeing, Petco is the place for you. Our core values capture that spirit as we work to improve lives by doing what’s right for pets, people and our planet. We love all pets like our ownWe’re the future of the pet industryWe’re here to improve livesWe drive outstanding results togetherWe’re welcome as we are Petco is a category-defining health and wellness company focused on improving the lives of pets, pet parents and Petco partners. We are 29,000 strong, working together across 1,500+ pet care centers, 250+ Vetco Total Care hospitals, hundreds of preventive care clinics, eight distribution centers and two support centers. What You'll Do Provide optimal guest experience services. Assist guests in the proper selection of merchandise in accordance with their identified needs. Demonstrate a high level of interest in the welfare, health, and proper handling of all animals. Perform cashiering duties. Perform related duties in support of the store attaining its assigned sales goal. Ensure merchandise is properly stocked and priced. Adhere to established operational guidelines and store policies and procedures. Evaluate guest inquiries and as needed refers to Guest Experience Leader and/or Leader on Duty. Key Accountabilities The incumbent must be able to consistently perform all the following duties and responsibilities with or without a reasonable accommodation. Ensures the health and well-being of live animals by providing the correct care in accordance with the established Petco standards, policies and procedures including the completion of the hourly animal health check and wellness cards. Interacts professionally and effectively through verbal and written communication with all professional contacts with an emphasis on company interests. Provides prompt and courteous service to all Petco guests by determining their needs and sharing product knowledge to suggest the appropriate merchandise, and by effectively employing suggestive selling techniques to increase individual sales. Demonstrates knowledge in nutrition, Pals Rewards membership sign-up, Welcome to the Family and effective suggestive selling techniques to increase sales. Ensures an exceptional guest experience for all Omni-channel initiatives, to include but not limited to Instacart, Extended Aisle and Repeat Delivery. Performs all aspects of point-of-sale service, e.g. cash sales, credit and check sales, returns and exchanges. Performs the daily balance of cash drawer as necessary. Assists in stocking and facing merchandise according to established standards. Completes cash register transactions as well as guest carry-out service consisting of merchandise weighing up to but not exceeding 50 pounds per trip. Adheres to loss prevention policies. Assists in the loading, unloading and stocking of merchandise according to established procedures, in order to ensure that the store is well stocked and that inventory counts are accurate. Ensures that store animals, birds, reptiles and fish receive the highest quality care, maintained in habits that are clean, safe, and secure, and that all reasonable and required steps are taken to maintain their good health. Alerts store leaders immediately if any animal, reptile, bird or fish is in need of medical attention or other special care. Performs routine housekeeping tasks as required to maintain the professional image and appearance of the store, to include sweeping/mopping the floors, dusting, washing the windows, facing the merchandise on the shelves, restroom maintenance, etc. Assists store leadership in the opening/closing of the store as needed, to include the accurate completion of required paperwork. Participates in the completion of quarterly and annual physical inventory counts. Adheres to and promotes established safety procedures and maintenance of clean, safe and healthy environment for store partners, guests and animals. Performs special projects as assigned. Supervisory Responsibility None. Work Environment The majority of job duties are conducted indoors, although merchandise receiving, merchandise carry-outs, or stock balancing will require leaving the store briefly. This position requires bending, kneeling, moving merchandise and standing for long periods of time. Must be able to lift 50 lbs and pull 2000 lbs utilizing material handling equipment. Improper use of safety equipment and/or not following proper lifting techniques may pose of risk of injury to customers, pets, and store personnel. Follow all safety precautions and procedures. Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. To translate this webpage to Spanish or other languages on your internet browser click the translate button to the right of your browser address bar. Additional instruction can be found here: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/173424?hl=en-GB&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop Para Traducir Esta Página Web Al Español u Otros Idiomas En Su Navegador De Internet, Haga Clic En El Botón De Traducción a La Derecha De La Barra De Direcciones De Su Navegador. Puede Encontrar Instrucciones Adicionales Aquí https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/173424?hl=en-GB&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop