Title: CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Store Family Dollar Family Dollar is seeking motivated individuals to support our Stores as we provide essential products at great values to the communities we serve. General Summary As a Family Dollar Customer Service Representative you will be responsible for providing exceptional service to our customers. Key priorities include greeting customers, assisting them with selection of merchandise, completing transactions, and answering questions regarding the store and merchandise. Principle Duties and Responsibilities: Provides customer engagement in positive and approachable manner. Assists in maintaining a clean, well-stocked store for customers during their shopping experience. Helps in the unloading of merchandise from delivery trucks, organizes merchandise, and transports merchandise from stockroom to sales floor. Independently stocks shelves and recovers merchandise in the store. Accurately handles customer funds and processes transactions using the POS system. Remains constantly aware of customer activity to ensure a safe and secure shopping environment. Performs all other duties as assigned in order to maintain an effective and profitable store operation. Position Requirements: Education: Prefer completion of high school or equivalent. Ability to follow directives and interpret retail operational documents as assigned. Experience: Prefer experience working in retail, hotel, restaurant, grocery or drug store environments. Physical Requirements: Ability to regularly lift up to 40lbs. (and occasionally, up to 55 lbs.) from floor level to above shoulder height; must be able to meet demands of frequent walking, standing, stooping, kneeling, climbing, pushing, pulling and repetitive lifting, with or without reasonable accomodation. Availability: Ability to work flexible, full-time schedule to include days, evenings, weekends and holidays. Skills and Competencies: Customer Focus, Developing Potential, Results Driven, Strong Organizational Skills, Communication Skills, Problem Solving/Decision Making, Job Knowledge and Relationship Management. Dollar Tree and Family Dollar are Equal Opportunity employers.