Title: Product Manager
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Gordian is the leading provider of Building Intelligence™ Solutions, delivering unrivaled insights, robust technology and comprehensive expertise that fuel customers’ success during every phase of the building lifecycle. Gordian created Job Order Contracting (JOC) and the industry standard RSMeans Data. We empower organizations to optimize capital investments, improve project performance and minimize long-term operating expenses. Gordian is seeking a strategic and driven Product Manager to join our Product and Market Strategy team. In this role, you will play a part in defining and executing product strategies tailored to state and local government, K-12 education, higher education, healthcare, and federal markets. You will focus on driving innovation and growth within our software platform, which serves to connect facility owners with construction providers. You will be essential in shaping our product portfolio, ensuring we deliver exceptional value to our customers, and drive significant growth. As a key member of the team, you will support cross-functional partners, engage with internal and external stakeholders, and leverage data-driven insights to make informed decisions that drive our platform's success. Responsibilities: Market and Product Strategy: Develop and execute market-specific product strategies by conducting research, analyzing market trends, and identifying growth opportunities in state and local government, K-12 education, higher education, healthcare, and federal sectors. Build and maintain relationships with key stakeholders in the target markets, including facility and asset owners, contractors, and industry thought leaders, to gather insights and feedback on product offerings. Participate in industry events, conferences, and networking opportunities to stay abreast of market trends, competitor activities, and emerging opportunities in the target sectors. Innovation and Growth: Engage in early-stage innovation work by leveraging Fortive’s Growth Accelerator tools, including identifying and validating growth opportunities, applying lean research methodologies, and utilizing rapid experimentation techniques to drive innovation. Cultivate a culture of innovation within the product management team by embracing the concepts of intellectual curiosity, associative thinking, experimentation, and empowering team members to challenge the status quo, ultimately driving continuous improvement and shared learning. Collaboration and Stakeholder Engagement: Partner with cross-functional teams to align product vision and ensure the successful development and launch of product initiatives for the target markets. Support the commercialization of executed product initiatives by working closely with the sales and marketing teams to develop product positioning, buyer journey & personas and messaging that resonates with the target audience. Act as a subject matter expert on the company's markets and product offerings, providing product research deliverables to support colleagues work and contributing to the ongoing enhancement of the product portfolio. Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree & Master’s degree preferred4+ years of product experienceExperience managing SaaS product linesExperience managing mobile applicationsExperience within the construction industryExperience within the capital planning marketUp to 10% travel Pragmatic marketing experience/certification a plusAgile experience a plusAbility to work independently on multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment; must be able to effectively communicate business concepts to technologists and technology concepts to business partnersStrong organizational, analytical, and time management skillsAbility to adapt to changing demands and willingness to be flexible if priorities changeAbility to maintain composure, exercise good judgment, and act in a professional manner when challenged; ability to build and sustain positive and collaborative working relationships Fortive Corporation Overview Fortive’s essential technology makes the world stronger, safer, and smarter. We accelerate transformation across a broad range of applications including environmental, health and safety compliance, industrial condition monitoring, next-generation product design, and healthcare safety solutions. We are a global industrial technology innovator with a startup spirit. Our forward-looking companies lead the way in software-powered workflow solutions, data-driven intelligence, AI-powered automation, and other disruptive technologies. We’re a force for progress, working alongside our customers and partners to solve challenges on a global scale, from workplace safety in the most demanding conditions to groundbreaking sustainability solutions. We are a diverse team 18,000 strong, united by a dynamic, inclusive culture and energized by limitless learning and growth. We use the proven Fortive Business System (FBS) to accelerate our positive impact. At Fortive, we believe in you. We believe in your potential—your ability to learn, grow, and make a difference. At Fortive, we believe in us. We believe in the power of people working together to solve problems no one could solve alone. At Fortive, we believe in growth. We’re honest about what’s working and what isn’t, and we never stop improving and innovating. Fortive: For you, for us, for growth. Ready to move your career forward? Find out more at careers.fortive.com. Gordian is the leading provider of Building Intelligence™ Solutions, delivering unrivaled insights, robust technology and comprehensive expertise that fuel customers’ success during every phase of the building lifecycle. Gordian created Job Order Contracting (JOC) and the industry standard RSMeans Data. We empower organizations to optimize capital investments, improve project performance and minimize long-term operating expenses. We Are an Equal Opportunity Employer Fortive Corporation and all Fortive Companies are proud to be equal opportunity employers. We value and encourage diversity and solicit applications from all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or other characteristics protected by law. Fortive and all Fortive Companies are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Individuals who need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process should ask to speak with a Human Resources representative to request an accommodation. National: The salary range for this position is $79,700 - $147,900 This position is also eligible for bonus as part of the total compensation package. Base pay offered may vary depending on various factors, including, but not limited to: job-related knowledge; skills; experience; and other eligibility factors such as geographic location. The Total Rewards package includes competitive base pay and an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and several programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work.