Title: HEVA Publications Lead
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job title: HEVA Publication Lead Location: Hyderabad% of travel expected – Travel required as per business need Job type: Permanent and Full time About The Job Our Team: HEVA Publication team includes publication leads that interface with HEAV business Partners, medical publication leads, Agencies, Medical Writing team & other stakeholders leading publication activities for HEVA. The HEVA Communications Leader leads the development and execution of HEVA’s communications strategy and tactics across the HEVA platform and collaborates with partners in different components of Sanofi to establish a unified capability and ensure that HEVA contributes effectively to diverse relevant decision maker segments. This leadership role supports the overall HEVA mission of conducting, communicating, and translating evidence to demonstrate the value of Sanofi’s products in real world settings and support optimal access and treatment outcomes for patients. The responsibility requires deep understanding of scientific communications planning and capabilities. Thus, the role draws upon multiple leadership competencies and behaviors: Thinking Strategically, Make Decisions, Lead Teams, Act for Change, Cooperate Transversally, and Commitment to Customers. Main responsibilities: Oversee HEVA Communications Professionals and Publication Agencies.Recruit and develop expert personnel and manage team performance.Ensure efficient allocation of Communications support across the HEVA platform. Establish and maintain effective team partnerships within HEVA and with key partners such as Value and Access and Medical AffairsEstablish a strategy for publications support from the HUB and with expert vendor support and ensure performance and quality.Establish HEVA Communications strategy and vision and oversee the development of a global HEVA communication plan across relevant business units and product teams.Establish the vision and direction for HEVA Communications capability and team. Drive innovation and seek opportunity for greater impact.Develop targeted, integrated HEVA Communication plan, including publications, scientific congress presentations, dossiers, and other disclosures as appropriate.Ensure alignment with HEVA Business Partners, Value and Access leads, and Medical Affairs, and integrate HEVA plan with relevant Medical Affairs communications plans.Communicate publication plan and strategy with HUB leadership to align priorities.Execute communication plan on time and with high quality.Manage accountability for adherence to the publication SOP and other compliance expectations relevant to HEVA communication processesSupport compliance obligations for HEVA publications, including collaboration with Quality monitoring and audit responsibilities.Represent the communications team in collaborations with the CMO office.Collaboration with HEVA Operations to ensure appropriate contracting with vendors and advisors in the Communications area.Ensure appropriate documentation for publications is consistently included in iEnvision, and other relevant platforms. Seek opportunities to innovate HEVA value communications. Drive innovation within HEVA on increasing the relevance and impact of HEVA evidence communications to value and access objectives.Explore novel channels to communicate more effectively with decision makers on value. About you: Experience: 10+ years of Knowledge of good publication practice, HTA submission awareness, ICMJE guidelines, Project planning, Journal & congress knowledge, etcStrong knowledge of regulatory, legal, and ethical standards and policies governing publication and other disclosure of scientific findings, policies governing scientific exchange by pharmaceutical professionals, and principles and levels of evidence governing promotional and non-promotional use of scientific data. Soft skills: Stakeholder management; communication skills; people management; and ability to work independently and within a team environmentTechnical skills: As applicable (including but not limited to therapeutic area/domain knowledge exposure – Proficient in multiple TAs/domains under one GBU; scientific communications/writing; medical communications/writing; publication planning; and project management)Education: Advanced degree in life sciences/pharmacy/similar discipline or medical degreeLanguages: Excellent knowledge of English language (spoken and written) Pursue progress, discover extraordinary Better is out there. Better medications, better outcomes, better science. But progress doesn’t happen without people – people from different backgrounds, in different locations, doing different roles, all united by one thing: a desire to make miracles happen. So, let’s be those people. At Sanofi, we provide equal opportunities to all regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity. Watch our ALL IN video and check out our Diversity Equity and Inclusion actions at sanofi.com! Pursue progress, discover extraordinary Better is out there. Better medications, better outcomes, better science. But progress doesn’t happen without people – people from different backgrounds, in different locations, doing different roles, all united by one thing: a desire to make miracles happen. So, let’s be those people. At Sanofi, we provide equal opportunities to all regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, ability or gender identity. Watch our ALL IN video and check out our Diversity Equity and Inclusion actions at sanofi.com!