Title: Seasonal Sales Associate
Work Type: Temporary
Description: Job Overview The Consultant is responsible for all aspects of the customer experience within multiple-businesses (retail, rental, custom, and Omni-channel) within a store location. To be successful in this role the Consultant needs to support and positively impact a culture of customer-obsession, by being customer-ready and delivering a world-class experience each and every day. The Consultant is expected to engage as a member of a high-performing team through trust, commitment, and a focus on results. The Consultant must navigate through change in order to adapt to new programs in a timely manner and to achieve the expected outcome. In addition the Consultant will contribute to a healthy culture by working well with and demonstrating respect for colleagues at all levels and consistently contribute to a positive work environment. Essential Functions Consistently demonstrate the benchmark selling techniques for retail sales, custom clothing sales, and special occasion rentals, as trained by management and as described in corporate training materials. Continuously encourage and participate in team selling. Build a relationship with your customer from greeting through post-sale contact. Participate in monitoring and positively impact the achievement of the store sales volume and metrics goals. Meet and maintain your own personal volume goal while maintaining an above average quality of sale. When possible use tailors for all alteration fittings. When tailors are not available, be able to accurately fit the customer and provide recommendations for alterations. Assist in receiving shipments, putting away new merchandise, maintaining a clean, neat, sized and organized store based on our merchandising to sell standards. Assist with visually merchandising the store, including complying with brand standards with regard to all visual merchandising tasks. Help monitor the security of all Company property. Report or document damaged or missing product. Assist in conducting merchandise stock counts as requested by your store management team. Report any discrepancies to the manager on duty. Effectively participate as a member of a store team where employees are held accountable for not only individual performance, but also for interacting with the greater store team in manner that supports the achievement of established team goals. Maintain a workplace free of harassment and discrimination by strictly adhering to the Company’s Anti-Discrimination and Harassment policies and promptly reporting to your Regional Manager, Zone Vice President and the Human Resources Department any concerns that may arise under those policies. Physical Requirements Ability to stand and walk for the majority of work shift, frequently bend, squat and twist, lift up to 50 lbs., climb a ladder to reach merchandise and or supplies, and see and distinguish between fabric patterns and colors. You may have the opportunity to voluntarily work between multiple store or site locations, and across multiple brands. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Our company celebrates diversity and provides equal employment opportunity to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, religion, veteran or military status, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, or any other protected status under the law. Work Locations: 04302 Greenwood Shoppes 838 Us Highway 31 N # 840 Greenwood 46142 Job: Sales Organization: Men's Wearhouse Shift: Variable Zone: Midwest