Title: Analytical Scientist - Thermal/Rheology
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Celanese is a global leader in chemistry, producing specialty material solutions used across most major industries and consumer applications. Our businesses use our chemistry, technology and commercial expertise to create value for our customers, employees and shareholders. We are committed to sustainability by responsibly managing the materials we create for their entire lifecycle and are growing our portfolio of sustainable products to meet increasing customer and societal demand. We strive to make a positive impact in our communities and to foster inclusivity across our teams. Celanese is a Fortune 500 company that employs approximately 12,400 employees worldwide with 2023 net sales of $10.9 billion. Responsibilities:This hands-on Analytical Scientist - Thermal/Rheology position will be responsible for developing and performing analytical testing to support Celanese divisions. A member of a strong, collaborative team of scientists, this individual should have comprehensive experience in analytical chemistry, especially thermal and rheology. Qualifications:Master or PhD in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Material Science, or related field3+ years thermal and rheology testing experience. The individual will be responsible for characterizing formulated products using thermal and rheology techniques such as DSC, TGA, DMA, TMA, LFA, ARES-G2, etc.Ability to pro-actively design methods to meet customer needsEffective communication - both verbal and writtenStrong understanding and commitment to safe lab practice and chemical handlingAbility to organize, keep detailed documentation/records, and achieve timely, accurate resultsAbility to make minor repairs to lab equipmentAbility work independently with minimal supervision and be part of teamTargeted experience in other analytical techniques such as NMR, Infrared spectroscopy, microscopy, chromatography characterization methods is a plus.Experience with engineering polymers or plastics is a plus Benefit highlights:Health insurance (medical, dental & vision) starts on day 1 of employment (thru United Healthcare).HSA contribution $1000 for employee only, $2000 for all other tiers – this is an annual contribution and unused amounts roll over until the next year.401k is a 6% dollar-for-dollar match with an additional 5% of your total pay. Celanese contribution (administered thru Fidelity, roll overs from other qualified plans are permitted)Maternity leave is 12 weeks 100% paid. We also offer parental leave at 6 weeks paid. Can be taken in 2 week increments (Eligible day 1)Employee Stock Purchase Plan – ESPP, can purchase stock at a discounted rate (15%)We offer a ‘Global Career Framework’ a structure and framework for career growth, planning, and career advancement opportunities