Title: Care Attendant - Premium Weekend Overnights - Grand Arbor
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Schedule: Premium Weekends | 48 hours per pay period | 10:45pm-7:15am | Friday-Sunday | 3 out of 4 weekends per month + a higher holiday rotation | $25/hr!!! Create your best self as a Care Attendant In this role, you will play an essential part in providing personalized care, support and companionship to our residents, ensuring their physical and emotional well-being are nurtured every day. Join us, we’d love to support you in your work journey. |What You Can Experience| This could be the start of something wonderful. Thriving Culture: One team approach, opportunities for fun, company get-togethers Values: Christian Heritage, Valuing People, Customer-Focused Excellence, Community Engagement, Stewardship Onboarding Support: Intentional check-ins with team, clear role expectations, comprehensive skills training, continuing education Benefits Above & Beyond: Generous paid leave, scholarships, free wellness center access, volunteer time off, and more |What You’ll Do| Imagine loving your job; dreams do come true. Cares: Provide hands-on care to residents in assisted living/housing environment to help them maintain their physical and emotional well-being. Includes bathing, grooming, dressing, oral care, toileting, transferring, meals and laundry. Collaborate: Work with housekeeping, dietary and activities teams. Experience frequent contact and communication with staff, residents, family members and visitors. Work closely as one team to live out our mission. Core Skills: Exceptional customer service | Teamwork | Interpersonal effectiveness | Critical thinking | Enriching lives |You’d be a great fit if …| You got this. You love caring for others and want to help our residents achieve “their best day” while providing high quality care (physical, mental, emotional, social and spiritual). A great day at work consists of taking residents outdoors or out in the community and participating in special events. You have a warm and welcoming smile to greet residents and their families, ensuring a smooth move in experience. |Exemption Status| Hourly, Non-Exempt |Are you excited about this role and want to be a part of a great team?| We hope so! Our commitment to you is to experience team collaboration, flexibility, opportunities for growth, amazing perks and a culture where you are supported. If you are interested, we encourage you to apply. Check out our careers page to learn more and to submit your application. [careers.knutenelson.org]