Title: Recruiting Coordinator
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Position: Recruiting Coordinator Location: Beaverton, OR (Onsite for the first 90 days, with the ability to move to hybrid after)Schedule: Monday – Friday; 8:00am – 5:00pm Pay: $20 - $22/hr (DOE) + Bonus opportunities available after 90 daysBenefits: 100% employer covered medical insurance 80% employer covered dental and vision insurance 401(k) w/ a 50% employer match up to 5% of your total income (after 1 year of employment)6 paid holidays + PTO 4 hours of Volunteer Time Off (VTO) per calendar year (paid at your normal hourly wage) TriMet monthly pass – 50% covered by the company Gym Reimbursement of up to $30/month Employee recognition, awards, employee of the month, Annual Holiday and Summer parties, and team-building activitiesCareer advancement and raises for longevity – we have employees who’ve been with us for over 20 years! *This position will start out as 100% on-site at our Beaverton, OR office. After a training period, you will have the opportunity to move into a hybrid set up. Soft Skills Needed for this Role:This is an entry level recruitment position that would be great for folks that are interested in the industry! We are looking for someone who is coachable, bright, and looking to make an impact in the recruitment / onboarding process. While experience is great, we are really looking for someone with that can-do attitude and adaptability! Empathy – this is our top skill for a reason! In order to best serve our employees and clients, you will need to be empathetic when it comes to the emotional rollercoaster that comes when candidates are applying / interviewing for new roles Exceptional interpersonal communication – our Recruiter tends to overcommunicate, and we need someone to match and close that loop!Flexibility and can pivot quickly – our hiring needs can change at the drop of a hat; you’ll need to remain levelheaded to figure out the best solution Problem solving and organization; fitting screens in our Recruiter’s calendar is a bit like playing Tetris Listening – a lot of recruitment is active listening and asking follow up questions to probe and get the full picture of wants and needs Qualifications and Requirements: Ability to pass a background check and drug screenAbility to pass a MVR/Driving Record check and possess a valid driver’s license (this position would require driving to job fairs/networking events/etc.) Over the age of 18 and possession of a high school diploma/GED/equivalent Main Areas of Responsibility and Job Duties:The Recruiting Coordinator will be supporting our main Recruiter with daily tasks in relation to hiring and onboarding. This is an extremely dynamic role, and being able to work together to solve issues is imperative. Filter through applications on Indeed / website to identify quality candidates for the role Call and schedule candidates for phone screens / interviews for the Recruiter Source passive candidates on LinkedIn and Indeed Understand how each department and each role within the company works together; have a deep knowledge of every position Train with department heads and eventually conduct phone screens for specific roles Gather all documents needed for phone screens and department interviews Assist the Recruiter with day-to-day job functions, such as onboarding, running background checks, drug testing, etc. Fill out and track candidate movement throughout the hiring process; update trackers and spreadsheets as necessary Setting proper expectations for both candidates and hiring managers Other job duties as assigned About First Response Security:First Response is a family-owned business founded right here in Oregon over 30 years ago. We take pride in serving our community, delivering true peace of mind by providing life-safety and security solutions to businesses and homeowners alike. Our approach is unmatched and stands out against our competitors here in the Northwest: We're the only security company that can install electronic detection hardware, provide physical security, and own and operate our own security and dispatch monitoring center. Through our unique and all-encompassing business model, we have built a strong reputation, allowing us to become the LARGEST locally owned security companies in Oregon!Website: www.fr-inc.com The most important thing you should know about First Response is that we care about you. We know that the best way to take care of our customers is to first take care of our people. By joining our team, you’re joining a team of kind and compassionate change-makers. Made it this far? Schedule a phone interview here (after submitting your resume): https://calendly.com/firstresponseinc/30min iWatch Communications and First Response Security provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.