Title: FRLEO Sergeant (Phoenix)
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Company Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco We are the San Francisco Fed, public servants with a congressionally mandated mission to promote a sound and stable economy to support the lives of all Americans. We are a community-engaged bank, and we are committed to understanding and serving the vibrant, diverse people of the Twelfth District. That means we seek and appreciate new perspectives. We respect people for what they do and for who they are. We build opportunities to learn and grow. When you join the SF Fed, you become part of a team united in its purpose to promote an economy that works for everyone. Our police officers serve as the face of the SF Fed, both as frontline defenders in our five locations and ambassadors in the communities we serve. The mission of the Twelfth District Police Services is to provide a safe and secure environment for people at the Federal Reserve Bank while also safeguarding the Federal Reserve Bank facilities, operations, and assets. All Federal Reserve Police Officers are Federally Sworn Law Enforcement Officers and are expected to uphold that responsibility accordingly. Our people in uniform are high-quality individuals looking for something outside of the normal role of law enforcement. Being a protector of the Federal Reserve means taking on a force protection posture. It means being in constant company of your fellow officers, so being a great teammate is crucial. It means being open to taking on leadership roles and new assignments. Bring your passion and expertise, and we’ll provide opportunities to challenge you and propel your growth. FRLEO Sergeant Location: Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco - Phoenix Processing Center Employees in this job classification, under the direction of a Lieutenant, lead the day-to-day operations of the Law Enforcement Unit; directs and monitors the workflow of Federal Reserve Law Enforcement Officer’s assigned to the shift; perform and oversee administrative duties to record and document activities of assigned shift; participates in and supports team building activities that foster an inclusive work environment. Responsibilities: Essential duties are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills. They are intended to be accurate summaries of what the job classification involves and what is required to perform it. Employees are responsible for all other duties as assigned.Operate as a law enforcement officer pursuant to authority given by the Board of Governors by Section 11 (q) of the Federal Reserve Act; authorized personnel act as law enforcement officers pursuant to the regulations of the Board of Governors and approved by the U.S. Attorney General (Uniform Regulations for Federal Reserve Law Enforcement Officers)Oversee and coordinate staff performing post, patrol, access entry, screening, surveillance duties and special assignments; adjusts the allocation of staff / resources during a shift as needed. Assess daily operations and recommend operational improvements to management.Evaluate, respond and direct staff regarding sensitive and potentially dangerous situations using sound judgment and the appropriate degree of physical force or weaponry; make lawful arrests and/or detentions.Perform safety and security duties, as needed; report violations and findings in a timely manner to management; prepare incident reports ensuring all necessary facts and witnesses have been identified related to security issues and/or unlawful or prohibited activities. Respond and direct emergency services as needed.Operate and monitor all Bank security and life safety systems, including but not limited to, access control and alarm systems, x-ray machines and metal detectors, radio systems, video surveillance systems, voice evacuation system, and hazardous materials gear. Support individual and team meetings to facilitate effective communication of policies, procedures, training needs, shift coverage and other pertinent information; may lead roll call meetings and /or prepare shift briefings/schedules in the absence of Lieutenant. Act as liaison between management and operational staff, communicating management decisions and rationale, and communicating staff or team issues to management.Ensure that team meets high standards of quality, efficiency, and customer service by holding self and team accountable and taking appropriate actions. Administer less formal performance counseling and immediately escalate more serious disciplinary actions of misconduct to the Lieutenant level; document relevant facts; and, make recommendations regarding corrective measures. Observe, approach and deliver “on-the spot” coaching to officers as is necessary. Meet with higher level management regularly and timely to provide feedback regarding staff performance and development; may participate in performance review meetings.Ensure mandated security procedures are followed; in a manner conducive to customer service, disseminate necessary information to assist customer/visitor in gaining services or contact with staff.Contribute to department morale through positive actions and behaviors; identifies and acts on opportunities to build teamwork through the course of a shift.Write clear, concise, and grammatically correct documents. Review subordinates’ documents and provide them effective guidance. Maintain effective controls and administrative practices and ensure self and team are held accountable for compliance with applicable laws, regulations, policies and guidelines. Take appropriate/timely action to address deviations.Participate in the screening or interviewing and support onboarding process for new hires.Perform special assignments, project work or other duties as assigned. Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Thorough knowledge of 12th District bank-wide policies and procedures. Thorough knowledge of Bank's organizational structure including building layout.Demonstrate proficiency with handling routine problems independent of management involvement making decisions within established parameters, guidelines and policies. Proficient in use of PCs, email, WORD, EXCEL, and police equipment and technology systems and able to learn other computer based applications.Capability to resolve conflict by encouraging open communications, confronting difficult situations, maintaining objectivity, and keeping emotions under control to resolve conflicts.Ability to demonstrate sound judgment when making decisions in stressful situations; to analyze and adapt to new situations quickly; to interpret laws, rules and regulations.Aptitude to plan, supervise, schedule and evaluate the work of subordinates; demonstrate ownership and responsibility for the overall performance of the day-to-day operations.Proven strong customer service skills and the ability to establish and maintain good working relations with assigned officers, and to communicate effectively with others.Express concerns objectively and provide constructive input when challenging ideas and decisions. Support the ultimate direction of the department, division, and Bank.Ability to effectively perform all duties of the FRLEO job classification.Use independent judgment, making routine and non-routine decisions within scope of responsibilities.Receives direct supervision Minimum Education / Training / Certification: Meet firearms and other Law Enforcement equipment qualification requirements as outlined in FRLE Training Manual and complete other training as assigned or required. Minimum Work Experience: Associate’s degree in related field and at least two years of work experience in a security-related field, or a combination of four years of related work experience and/or specialized training. Hiring Salary Range: Min $59,300 - Mid $77,000 - Max $94,900 (Phoenix) Final salary and offer will be determined by the applicant’s background, experience, skills, internal equity, and alignment with market data. Benefits At the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, we offer a wonderful benefits package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Pretax Flexible Spending Account, Paid Family Leave Care, Backup Child Care Program, Pretax Day Care Flexible Spending Account, Vacation Days, Sick Days, Paid Holidays, Pet Insurance, Matching 401(k), and an unheard-of Retirement / Pension. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. At the SF Fed, we believe in the diversity of our people, ideas, and experiences and are committed to building an inclusive culture that is representative of the communities we serve. The SF Fed is an Equal Opportunity Employer Full Time / Part Time Full time Regular / Temporary Regular Job Exempt (Yes / No) No Job Category Law Enforcement/Protection/Security Work Shift First (United States of America) The Federal Reserve Banks believe that diversity and inclusion among our employees is critical to our success as an organization, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. The Federal Reserve Banks are committed to equal employment opportunity for employees and job applicants in compliance with applicable law and to an environment where employees are valued for their differences. Privacy Notice