Title: Cooler Lumper
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Why Work for KeHE? Full-time Pay Range: $18.00/Hr. - $19.00/Hr. $1/hr for any hours worked between 6pm-4am + +$1/hr on top of above for work in cooler (must clock into specific zone) Shift Days: M-F, Shift Time: 3:00 AM Benefits after 30 daysHealth/Rx Dental Vision Flexible and health spending accounts (FSA/HSA) Supplemental life insurance 401(k) Paid time off Paid sick time Short term & long term disability coverage (STD/LTD) Employee stock ownership (ESOP) Holiday pay for company designated holidays Overview Good people, working with good people, for our common good. Sound good? KeHE-a natural, organic, specialty and fresh food distributor-is all about "good" and is growing, so there's never been a more exciting time to join our team. If you're enthusiastic about working in an environment with a people-first culture and an organization committed to good living, good food and good service, we'd love to talk to you! Primary Responsibilities The Warehouse Receiver/Lumper will be responsible for receiving merchandise and materials from outside vendors. The Warehouse Receiver/Lumper will also be responsible for handling, unpacking, or uncrating merchandise and materials for routing or storage in the proper department. They are also responsible for documenting damaged goods and/or shortages/overages. Essential Functions Maintain records of incoming goods and check bills of lading or purchase orders on incoming shipments. Endorse and verify shipment accuracy against purchase orders and make appropriate adjustments if necessary (i.e., over/short, damaged product, change in size). Notify department manager of discrepancies. Inspect product for quality, freshness, damage, proper size, and expiration code date or “sell by” dates. Unload trucks and break down pallets that do not immediately fit in allotted reserve storage spots. Select orders for special store orders (i.e. add-ons) and stock product as needed. Pull product returned from stores off trailers and stage for check-in process. Charge or change (cable or electric hoist) batteries for pallet jacks and industrial trucks. Rotate product properly by confirming expiration dates. Open master cases for repack selecting. Load trucks for delivery of product to the main warehouse dock. Must maintain good attendance and safe work practices. Maintain safeguards of confidential company information. Other duties and special projects as requested. Minimum Requirements, Qualifications, Additional Skills, Aptitude High School Diploma or GED equivalent required. A minimum of two (2) years previous experience working in a warehouse environment. Additional Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Previous experience operating powered industrial equipment (i.e., forklift, pallet jacks, stock pickers, etc.). Warehouse computer system knowledge strongly preferred. Ability to communicate well with internal customers and management. Ability to follow safe working practices, as instructed. Ability to efficiently work independent of direct supervision. Physical Requirements: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Must be able to carry, lift and/or move up to 75 pounds. The associate is frequently required to stand, walk, and climb. While performing the duties of this position, the associate is subject to a warehouse environment where temperatures can vary from very cool to very warm. The associate is rarely exposed to outside weather conditions. The noise levels in the work environment are typically moderate to high. Equal Employer Opportunity Statement KeHE Distributors provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits all forms of discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion or faith, sex, gender, age, ancestry, national origin, mental or physical disability or medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other category protected under federal, state, or local law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training as well as the administration of all Human Resources and Talent Acquisition processes.