Title: Employment-Based / Corporate Immigration Paralegal
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Come join our team! We are a women-owned, small firm focused solely on immigration. Our teams work on cases ranging from employment visa sponsorship to naturalization to asylum, and everything in between. We pride ourselves on our ability to creatively solve problems using our team’s vast expertise across the spectrum of immigration law. We are a fast-paced, high-volume firm. We may be tireless advocates, but we also enjoy having fun. Our firm has a collaborative and friendly atmosphere. We are looking for an Employment-Based Paralegal to play a vital role in cases involving employment-based nonimmigrant visas and permanent residency for self-petitioners, sole proprietors, startups, and Fortune 100 companies. The paralegal will primarily be involved with the preparation and submission of employment-based nonimmigrant visa petitions (H-1B, L-1, TN, O, E, H-2), PERM Labor Certification Applications, immigrant visa petitions (EB-1, EB-2, and EB-3) and permanent resident applications through adjustment or the immigrant visa process. Responsibilities· Utilize web-based immigration case management system;· Communicate with clients to gather case documentation;· Review the client’s documents and information provided; analyze and issue spot to alert attorneys;· Prepare immigration petitions, including government forms (USCIS & DOL), written support letters, and exhibits;· Adhere to our firm’s internal timelines, checklists, and procedures;· Maintain client data in case management system and ensure accuracy of expirations and deadlines;· Engage in professional written and oral communication with clients to aid in processing throughout case preparation and to update clients on progress of the case;· Review and understand immigration law and procedure;· Maintain a friendly and professional; collaborate with multiple attorneys and staff; attend staff meetings and participate in firm events, as required;· Answer, screen, and forward incoming phone calls and assist with setting appointments; and· Act in a respectful and professional manner to all clients, and maintain client confidentiality. Qualifications· Bachelor’s degree· Immigration experience· Must be organized and detail oriented· Excellent written and oral communication skills· Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook· Experience working with people of culturally diverse backgrounds · Ability to withhold and maintain confidential information· Second language experience