Title: Financial Analyst II
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description: This position provides analysis and reports related to the budgeting, strategic planning, activity based costing, variance, patient account and operations data, and ad-hoc analysis processes, which are used to ensure sound financial operations. This level provides decision support to management. Performs analysis on routine to moderately complex projects or programs. Management supervision is limited. This position is responsible for providing analysis and support of operations for a facility, region, or division, or may work as part of a system-wide team. Typically this position performs analysis on moderately complex projects, following established procedures, under supervision. Works with financial systems such as Hyperion, Strata, Charge Master, Contracting, Costing, EDW, ERP, etc. Proficiency in these or similar systems is required to perform duties at this level. Job Essentials Performs specifically defined tasks related to several routine and non-routine / moderately complex functions (e.g. operating budget, capital budget, strategic planning, patient accounts and operations). Accountable for timely and accurate completion of assigned tasks.Provides expertise with financial systems such as Hyperion, Strata, Charge Master, Contracting, Costing, EDW, ERP, etc. to perform duties.Coordinates the preparation and review of financial analysis, variance reports, and ad hoc reports. Collects data from various Intermountain Healthcare data sources. Coordinates with others in gathering information, scheduling processes, and communicating issues.Prepares financial analysis, variance reports, and ad hoc reports. Works with internal customers to develop and prepare quantitative reports in using data sources to analyze clinical and operational issues.Performs tasks requiring more in-depth analysis to identify financial trends and economic and business forecasts of reporting outcomes and variances under moderate to minimum supervisory direction.May coordinate and oversee data input or entry activities using knowledge of database structure and reporting capabilities.May perform intermediate-level programming including designing, developing, and testing queries, programs, and automation procedures for collecting and reporting data using knowledge of spreadsheets and database software programs.May create and maintain databases, using knowledge of database software, for collection and tracking of data as it relates to performance measurement. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Finance, or Business with two years of professional experience conducting and evaluating routine financial analysis, - OR - Master's degree in Accounting, Finance, or Business with less than two years of experience conducting and evaluating routine financial analysis. Degree must be obtained through an accredited institution. Education is verified.Experience using word processing, spreadsheet, database, internet and e-mail, and scheduling applications.Experience in a role requiring effective verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. Preferred Qualifications Masters of Accountancy Degree.MBAExperience in a role requiring effective project management skills, a high degree of accuracy, and sound decision making with limited supervision.Knowledge of Intermountain Healthcare finances and financial processes.Experience in a role with budgeting and finance tracking responsibilities. Physical Requirements: Interact with others requiring the employee to communicate information.Operate computers and other office equipment requiring the ability to move fingers and hands.See and read computer monitors and documents.Remain sitting or standing for long periods of time to perform work on a computer, telephone, or other equipment. Anticipated job posting close date: 04/16/2024 Location: Primary Childrens Hospital Work City: Salt Lake City Work State: Utah Scheduled Weekly Hours: 40 The hourly range for this position is listed below. Actual hourly rate dependent upon experience. $29.22 - $46.03 We care about your well-being – mind, body, and spirit – which is why we provide our caregivers a generous benefits package that covers a wide range of programs to foster a sustainable culture of wellness that encompasses living healthy, happy, secure, connected, and engaged. Learn more about our comprehensive benefits packages for our Idaho, Nevada, and Utah based caregivers, and for our Colorado, Montana, and Kansas based caregivers; and our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion. Intermountain Health is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.