Title: AGV Technician Level 3
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: The Electro-Mechanical Technician Level 3 is responsible for the day-to-day troubleshooting and preventative/predictive maintenance in a freezer with below normal temperatures on occasion. Acts as a Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) technician on all equipment including minimal conveyors that are installed at the (Lacey, WA) site location. (4x12 shift) Overtime and occasional weekend work may be required. What we offer: Career Development Competitive Compensation and Benefits Pay Transparency Global Opportunities Learn More Here: https://www.dematic.com/en-us/about/careers/what-we-offer/ Dematic provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. The base pay range for this role is estimated to be $32 to $34 an hour at the time of posting. Final compensation will be determined by various factors such as work location, education, experience, knowledge, and skills. Tasks and Qualifications: What You Will Do In This Role Repair and maintenance of AGVs including calibrating sensors, component adjustment/replacement, component lubrication, hydraulics troubleshooting, etc. Completes preventative maintenance routines, documentation, and procedures. Use electrical test equipment to troubleshoot electrical circuitry (5V to 480V). Create and close work orders into asset management system with appropriate data to include labor hours, equipment maintenance, and parts used. Troubleshoot AGV problems and understand resources needed to resolve them. Locate and track spare parts from inventory. Performs complex maintenance and equipment testing to ensure they meet specifications. Provide assistance with training customers to operate equipment. Respond to service calls and correct equipment failures and faults. Identify problems as they occur and take appropriate steps to solve them. What We Are Looking For High School diploma or equivalent required. Typically, an Associate’s degree or vocational technical training preferred. Specialized skill training/certification preferred. Demonstrates a senior-level knowledge of a technical or specialty area. Proven experience in area of responsibility and successful demonstration of position and key tasks as presented above. Ability to be customer facing while maintaining professional communications through email and in person conversations with onsite customer leadership, Dematic leadership, and technicians. Responsible for leading projects, teams, and directing day to day operations and tasks to onsite maintenance team. Able to lift and move material up to 50 pounds each Regular bending, lifting, stretching, and reaching both below the waist and above the head Occasionally push and pull wheeled dollies loaded with products up to 100 pounds Able to climb ladders and gangways safely and without limitation Working conditions may include small spaces, dust, fumes/odors, hot/cold temperatures, inside/outside noise, vibration, standing on concrete for long hours, and wet or uneven surfaces #In-post