Title: Service Desk Analyst
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Contract
Description: Looking for more than just another assignment? We're looking for you! This isn'tjust another assignment, but a real opportunity and a challenge for the rightperson. LRS Consulting Services is seeking a Service Desk Analyst for a 6-monthcontract w/ right to hire opportunity with our client in Central Illinois! Localcandidates will be given preference. LRS Consulting Services has been delivering the highest quality consultants toour clients since 1979. We've built a solid reputation for dealing with ourclients and our consultants with honesty, integrity, and respect. We work hardevery day to maintain that reputation, and we're very interested in candidateswho can help us. If you're that candidate, this opportunity is made for you! The Service Desk Analyst will: ·Provide technical assistance / support for desktops, laptops, virtualdesktops, network connectivity, business applications, health insuranceapplications, VOIP telephone systems and any other peripherals from customerphone calls, email, walk-ins, and customer service portal. Responsible forproviding on-site support for all facets listed and are expected to diagnose,research and isolate the problem, as well as maintaining a business relationshipwith internal customers. Understands business workflows in assigned areas andconsults with customers on Service Requests. Makes sound technical decisionsthat meets both enterprise and customer expectations for implementation ofsolutions. Responsible for the deployment/installation of new computer desktopequipment, upgrading and rebuilding of existing equipment, movement of equipmentas assigned, and accurately updating inventory database for asset management. Facilitates large scale moves and deployments to ensure a seamless transition tonew location. Escalates issues to support specialists after exhausting allother resources. Required to organize and prioritize a queue of second levelissues or Service Requests to ensure that service level agreements are met andpatient care is minimally impacted. Required: Must have 4+ year(s) of experience with the following: Customer service (phone and in-person) Computer (hardware/software) troubleshooting Desktop Computer hardware/software installation and configuration Hardware/software repair/fix on desktop, laptop, and mobile devices in a Windows Environment, VOIP telephone troubleshooting Asset Management Candidates with an A+ Certification or comparable network/systems Certifications will be given preference Candidate must be able to effectively communicate in English (written & verbal) Candidate must have permanent authorization to work in the USA for any employer LRS is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants for employment will receiveconsideration without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religion,creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, gender identity,domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenshipstatus or protected veteran status.