Title: Physical Therapist / PT - Rehab
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Contract
Description: Our client is seeking a Physical Therapist to join their growing team. As a Physical Therapist, you will work closely with patients to learn more about their conditions and create a personalized care plan. You will consistently document a patient’s medical history and progress and communicate problems to supervisor and other team members. Job Details: Location: Memphis, TennesseeDuration: 15 WeeksStart Date: 05/20/2024Shift: 5x8 DaysEstimated Gross Weekly Pay: $1,527 Estimated Weekly Stipend: $1,124 Qualifications: Certification from an accredited program Excellent teamwork and collaboration skills Ability to walk or stand for long periods of time Excellent interpersonal skills including patience, empathy, and compassion Effective communication skills, including active listening, writing, speaking and reading comprehension Fast and adaptive problem-solving abilities Why Work with Us The success of Solomon Page is defined by our people. Healthcare providers are offered a comprehensive benefits program including a robust medical benefits package. Additionally, you are offered access to dental and vision coverage, commuter benefits, a 401(k) plan, flexible spending, referral bonuses, ongoing training, and more. Finally, as an ESOP company, Solomon Page offers an employee stock ownership plan to all consultants. As a member of our provider community, you will join a nurturing culture that fosters your career goals. About Solomon Page Healthcare & Medical Staffing Accredited by the Joint Commission with the Gold Seal of Approval, Solomon Page prides ourselves in developing long-term relationships with healthcare providers based on trust and respect. Our experienced Healthcare and Medical Staffing experts are committed to providing safe and quality patient care through our wide network of travel nurses, locum tenens, and allied resources. For more information and additional healthcare opportunities, visit: solomonpage.com and connect with Solomon Page on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and TikTok. If you meet the required qualifications and are interested in this role, please apply today. 263187