Title: Medical Assistant - Occupational Health
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: We care, we heal, we succeed together. Working in health care is a fulfilling and rewarding career. Working in health care at Minnesota Occupational Health (MOH) offers that in an exciting, dynamic, fast-paced environment with a patient mix that changes day to day. Join an environment where everyone takes part and works together toward the goal of high-quality care for our patients. Where we’ll look out for you, recognize your success, and do everything we can to support your professional and personal development. Position Overview: As the Medical Assistant on our team, you will focus on Occupational Medicine, and perform a variety of clinical and administrative duties including but not limited to collecting medical histories, assessing work injuries, pre-employment assessments, administering employees' drug test and vaccines, and drawing blood for required lab work. You’ll also communicate with both patient and employers handling and updating paperwork accordingly. Our current need is a casual opportunity at our Midway campus in St. Paul, MN. Casual opportunities are defined as a minimum of 2 shifts per month. We would also ask that this candidate be flexible to pick up shifts at any/all of our MOH Campuses Blaine, Shakopee and Eagan. We strongly prefer Medical Assistants that are certified with the AAMA. Flexibility to travel to other MOH campuses is required. Current schedule is Monday - Friday, 7:30am - 4:00pm (subject to change) How You’ll Help Enrich Patient’s Lives: Measure patient statistics and vitals, including height, weight, blood pressure, and eye evaluations, or perform a urine analysis dip. Prepare patients for a physical evaluation.Record patients’ medical history.Prepare required instruments and equipment for physical examinations. Clean and stock exam/procedure rooms, including instruments and equipment, between patient visits.Assist provider, as needed, with various procedures.Perform urine drug screens and blood alcohol testing by collecting and analyzing specimens. Perform on-site collections and off-site client locations as needed.Draw blood and administer immunizations as ordered by the provider.Perform patient testing, including fit testing, audiometry, EKGs, CRTs and work simulations.Manage patient charts to ensure accuracy and completion. What We Desire: Medical Assistant certification from an accredited vocational institution or community collegeOne year experience in a clinic settingNational certification as registered medical assistantCPR certification requiredComputer knowledge and ability to work within a variety of software programsKnowledge of standard practices in patient documentationKnowledge to utilize the appropriate universal precautions and personal protective equipment, as neededCapable of relating to diverse age, demographic, and cultural backgroundsMust be able to speak, read and write English fluently Summit Total Rewards Mon-Fri schedulesNo holidays, weekends or call401K with profit sharing contributionComprehensive Medical, Dental, & Vision BenefitsFlexible Spending Accounts (FSA)Employee Assistance Program (EAP)Gym membership discountsEducation ReimbursementHome & Auto Insurance policy discounts About Minnesota Occupational Health What we have here at Minnesota Occupational Health is special, we specialize in caring for workers. We understand the true value of coming together in collaboration to serve others and provide exceptional care. We operate four clinics in the Twin Cities metro – in St. Paul, Blaine, Eagan and Shakopee. Build the meaningful, impactful career your talent and passion deserve Surround yourself with teammates who are equally committed to improving and restoring the quality of life of the patients and communities we serve. Receive the personal and professional support you need to be your best and do your finest work. We are seeking enthusiastic lifelong learners to join our passionate Occupational Medicine at MN Occupation Health, where you are appreciated and celebrated. Join our team today! MN Occupational Health (a division of Summit Health ASO) provides administrative and clinical support to our full spectrum of orthopedic care services in our sub-specialty clinics, walk-in care at our Orthopedic Urgent Care clinics, imaging, bracing, therapy, surgery, and post-surgical stays at our Care Suites. Our expert teams are part of the 1000+ employees who partner to provide quality services and care designed to support a healthier, more active lifestyle. Summit Orthopedics is committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations of federal, state and local governing boards and/or agencies.