Title: External Factories Activities Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description: This is a global role leading the EF activity after the ER gate and once the supply has started and the supplier is in the “approved” status (Deployment phase). There are 4 areas of responsibilities in this role: Ensure an efficient supply of the EF products in his/her region by following the adequate KPIs, contributing to the Continuous Improvement agenda with the collaboration of the supplierCommunicate pro-actively all relevant data and information to allow a full picture of the activity for adequate decisionsFacilitate the cross-region supplyLead the deployment phase of the Innovative EF products in collaboration with the Activity Manager & other Regional Teams (SC, Export, Trade, …) What are we looking for? Very good communication and interpersonal skills, able to listen and influence and leverage best practice both internally and externally. Able to work in a resourceful and inspiring manner, and engendering a collaborative style, with the ability to inspire trust and confidence.Demonstrated ability and desire to collaborate with individuals and teams, both internal and external, across various nationalities and backgrounds.Flexible, self-reliant, decisive, and resilient, able to respond and adapt to a fast moving, swiftly changing and often political environment. Comfortable with the operational aspects of implementation and delivery. A team player with a sense of fun, dynamism, and enthusiasm; a passion for excellence, and delivery. Demonstrable empathy and cultural awareness and sensitivity. What will be your key responsibilities? Co-creates and drive the development of a resilient and responsive supply chain to ensure contingencies and safety strategies are developed while balance cash.Is responsible for the development of Continuous Improvement action Plan by driving and implementing activities with the regional logistics team to reduce inventory, maximize service levels and optimize the inbound supply chain while mitigating supply riskIdentifies and manages supplier collaboration initiatives (i.e., forecast management, EDI, operational process streamlining, etc.)Is responsible for the Supply Chain KPI Compilation, providing along a complete analysis, identifying the potential impact on Service Level and/or relationship with the suppliers and transfers on periodic basis to the Commercial Operation Manager for compilation in the dashboard Supports change management.Collaborates with Regional Teams (Regulatory / Export CoE / SC Dev. / Logistic Teams / Affiliates) to facilitate the cross-region supply, anticipating and communicating the increase of volumes to the supplier giving a perspective of the timing. What can you expect from Mars? Work with over 130,000 diverse and talented Associates, all guided by the Five Principles.Join a purpose driven company, where we’re striving to build the world we want tomorrow, today.Best-in-class learning and development support from day one, including access to our in-house Mars University.An industry competitive salary and benefits package, including company bonus. Mars is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. The company is pleased to provide such assistance, and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request.