Title: Director, Customer Onboarding
Experience Level: Director
Work Type: Full-time
Description: At ZoomInfo, we encourage creativity, value innovation, demand teamwork, expect accountability and cherish results. We value your take charge, take initiative, get stuff done attitude and will help you unlock your growth potential. One great choice can change everything. Thrive with us at ZoomInfo. At ZoomInfo we encourage creativity, value innovation, demand teamwork, expect accountability and cherish results. If you are collaborative, take initiative, and get stuff done we want to talk to you! We have high aspirations for the company and are looking for the right people to help fulfill the dream. We strive to continually improve every aspect of the company and use cutting-edge technologies and processes to delight our customers and rapidly increase revenues. As the Director, Customer Onboarding, you will report to the VP, Onboarding, Implementation, & Training and will be responsible for ensuring the successful execution of the ZoomInfo customer onboarding strategy and accelerating customer adoption of ZoomInfo’s products and solutions. The Director works with the customer success team, the customer education and enablement team, and the customer integrations team to put together effective project plans, including goals, timelines, and resource coordination to ensure quick ROI for ZoomInfo customers. This is a high-visibility role within an exciting area of the business with a chance to quickly make a difference. Essential Functions & Responsibilities Oversee the teams responsible for customer onboarding of ZoomInfo customers (including new business, renewals, upsells, and emerging products). Supervise managers in each functional area.Provide strategy and management to the comprehensive onboarding program for all customers. This includes developing and executing plans to ensure all ZoomInfo customers have a detailed project plan (regardless of customer segment) and meet success criteria identified on the product-level prior to handing off to customer success and account management teams.Build and refine implementation strategies to ensure customers in all customer segments are onboarded within the defined SLAs. Coordinate communication with other areas of the business to ensure a streamlined approach for each customer. This includes coordination of post-sales resources provided by customer education and enablement, customer support, and integrations teams.Build and refine success criteria for each ZoomInfo platform and product. Work with teams to operationalize a system to allow for individual accountability of success metrics at the individual account-level.Establish team and individual KPIs and quality performance metrics to measure success and increase team accountability, aligning with department and company goals. Build out an enhanced reporting mechanism to share team results broadly with company leadership.Provide best practices and mentorship to customers on how best to implement ZoomInfo’s suite of products and solutions. Provide thought leadership with regards to overcoming challenges customers are facing.Develop and execute customer-facing plays designed to increase platform and product adoption. Coordinate with Product Management and Product Marketing to align on adoption metrics and improvement areas. Represent the customer voice to the Product and Engineering teams.Develop and execute a strengthened handoff process of new accounts to the Customer Success Team. Build out a standardized information flow/transition document to prepare the CSM and AM for success, including documenting wins and challenges the customer faced during the onboarding process.Serve as the primary department liaison to Revenue Operations and Business Intelligence units to continuously improve internal operations and reporting dashboards. In addition, serve as departmental owner for Gainsight.Supervise, train, and assess a team of individuals responsible for the direct interactions with customers through the onboarding phase of the customer lifecycle. This includes onboarding new hires, providing ongoing training and development opportunities, and assessing the team for strengths and areas of improvement.Perform a wide variety of professional tasks, which demand a high level of creativity and imagination, as well as a thorough knowledge of the applicable needs and expectations of employees/customers. Required Education And Experience BA/BS degree. At least 10+ years of experience in customer onboarding/customer success and/or project management, ideally in a SaaS environment.Ability to manage multiple competing priorities, rapidly adapt and respond to customer requests and timeline changes.Highly collaborative, organized, and execution-oriented with strong presentation skills.Excellent project management skills with an emphasis on attention to detail, timelines, and quality of work.Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to be flexible to project situations. Ability to research, analyze and provide a solution to newly identified issues.Experience developing, installing, training, and/or supporting B2B solutions (previous experience with ZoomInfo and/or ZoomInfo certification strongly preferred).Highly familiar with ZoomInfo tech stack, including Salesforce CRM, Gainsight Customer Success Software, Google Suite, and Slack.Able to be successful in a fast-paced environment that rewards hard work and self-motivation.Superior relationship and communication skills (both verbal and written). Ability to interact with and present to executive team members. The US base salary range for this position is $145K to $182K + variable compensation + equity + benefits. Actual compensation offered will be based on factors such as the candidate’s work location, qualifications, skills, experience and/or training. Your recruiter can share more information about the specific salary range for your desired work location during the hiring process. We want our employees and their families to thrive. In addition to comprehensive benefits we offer holistic mind, body and lifestyle programs designed for overall well-being. Learn more about ZoomInfo benefits here. About Us ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: ZI) is the trusted go-to-market platform for businesses to find, acquire, and grow their customers. It delivers accurate, real-time data, insights, and technology to more than 35,000 companies worldwide. Businesses use ZoomInfo to increase efficiency, consolidate technology stacks, and align their sales and marketing teams — all in one platform. ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available here. ZoomInfo is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunities for applicants and employees regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic or status protected by applicable law. At ZoomInfo, we also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.