Title: SPED Teacher - ECE Speech Language Pathologist
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Please complete this application using your full legal name as it appears on your government issued forms of identification when you have time to go from start to finish. Application details cannot be saved along the way, and you must complete and submit the application in one sitting. If you leave your computer and return later, you may time out. REMINDER: Current DCSD employees must apply through their district log-on, this application is for external candidates only! Job Posting Title SPED Teacher - ECE Speech Language Pathologist Job Description Speech Language Pathologists in the Douglas County School District serve students entitled to special education services who require universal, targeted, and intensive intervention. Candidates must have demonstrated knowledge and of speech language and social language development, behavior management within the context of the general education and special education classroom, consultation, and developmental needs of school aged children. Additionally, candidates are responsible for assessing and providing research based intervention to students with a suspected speech language impairment. The SLP must work collaboratively to design Individual Education Programs that implement evidence based differentiated and innovative instruction aligned to the Guaranteed Viable Curriculum (GVCs) to support academic growth, positive social relationships, functional communication, and positive behavior for learning to promote educational access. Further, applicants should have demonstrated effective case management skills; effective written and oral communication skills; the ability to establish and maintain effective cooperative relationships with school personnel, students, and parents; demonstrated understanding and empathy necessary for working with students and their families; demonstrated ability and desire to function as a team member. Responsibilities Position Specific Information (if Applicable): Maintain accurate and up to date records of every treatment/session delivered to students whether direct or indirect services. Information will be documented into either the current IEP system and/or current Medicaid system. Document all student services who are eligible for Medicaid reimbursement if current CCC's with ASHA are held. Complete records of students' progress and development preparing required reports on students and activities. Supervise SLP-A's if current CCC's with ASHA are held. Plan, organize, and implement an appropriate instructional program in a learning environment that guides and encourages students to develop and fulfill their academic potential. Document health related services in designated Medicaid documentation system for the DCSD School Medicaid Reimbursement Program as assigned. Provide a variety of learning materials and resources for use in educational activities; instruct and monitor students in the use of learning materials and equipment; observe, evaluate, encourage, and provide feedback on student's performance and development. Maintain accurate and complete records of students' progress and development preparing required reports on students and activities. Responsible for managing student behavior in the classroom by establishing and enforcing rules and procedures, maintain discipline in accordance with the rules and disciplinary systems of the school, and applying appropriate disciplinary measures where necessary. Perform certain duties including but not limited to student support: counsel students with academic problems; support certain extracurricular activities such as social activities, sporting activities, clubs, and student organizations; participate in department, school, and parent meetings. Certifications Colorado Special Service Privider License - School Speech Language Pathologist - Colorado Department of Education Education Master's Degree: Speech Pathology (Required) Position Type Regular Primary Location: Rock Ridge Elementary One Year Only (Yes Or No) No Scheduled Hours Per Week 40 Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) 1.00 Approx Scheduled Days Per Year 185 Work Days Full Salary Range $61,535.00 USD - $128,547.00 USD Annual Position Salary Schedule Eligibility Specialist/Extremely Hard to Hire Licensed position salaries are set based on one of three salary schedules; General, Hard to Hire, and Specialist/Extremely Hard to Hire. DCSD will award up to 7 years of previous licensed teaching experience at the time of hire. Click HERE to view the current DCSD Licensed Salary Schedules*. *All salary amounts listed on the schedules are based on a full-time (1.0) FTE. If applicable, part-time salaries will be prorated according to the assigned FTE. Benefits This position is eligible for health, vision, dental, health savings account (HSA), flexible spending accounts (FSA), District paid and voluntary additional (supplemental) life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, short and long-term disability, critical illness and accident voluntary insurance, employee assistance program (EAP), voluntary 401(k), 403(b) and 457 retirement plan options. Time Off Plans This position is eligible for paid sick and personal time. This position will be open until filled, but will not be open past: July 19, 2024