Title: Channel Sales Specialist
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: CANDIDATES MUST LIVE LOCAL TO PARSIPPANY ADP is hiring an Accountant Channel Sales Representative.Do you thrive on networking to gain business and the opportunity to sell industry-leading solutions?Are you ready for your next best job where you can elevate your financial future?Do you want to join a fast-paced, inclusive environment with a culture of collaboration and belonging?If so, this may be the opportunity for you. Read on and decide for yourself.In this role, you will close sales and win new business exclusively through our CPA accountant channel and client referrals as part of our Human Resources Outsourcing (HRO) business. You'll attend our award-winning training program and join a sales team selling human resources solutions, making employees' lives better with high-quality benefits offerings across the hire-to-retire spectrum. As a Sales Representative in our CPA channel, you will be assigned to a list of accounting firms and aligned to sales reps in our Small Business Services channel, possibly sales reps from our majors mid-market division, and CPA Sales Reps in other business units. You will collaborate with these internal partners to gain access into accounts and to pull leads from their assigned accounting firms.Your day-to-day will focus on cultivating and nurturing relationships with your CPAs, their clients, and your internal partners to set appointments, gather leads, and assess buyer needs to present the best ADP solutions. To be successful, you will need to manage multiple sales processes simultaneously through various stages in the sales process and document them. As you sell new business, you will also need to stick with the implementation process for already-sold business until those clients are up and running on the solutions you sell. As you see more and more deals cross the finish line, you'll reap the rewards with industry-leading compensation, benefits, luxurious incentive trips, and awards. As you strive to grow your career, leaders will back your desire to pursue advancement and provide continual sales training.A little about ADP: We are a global leader in human resources technology, offering the latest AI and machine learning-enhanced payroll, tax, human resources, benefits, and much more. We believe our people make all the difference in cultivating an inclusive, down-to-earth culture that welcomes ideas, encourages innovation, and values belonging. We've received recognition as a global Best Places to Work and a recipient of many prestigious awards for diversity, equity, and inclusion, including a DiversityInc® Top 50 Company, Best CEO and company for women, LGBTQ+, multicultural talent, and more. As part of our deep DEI commitment, our CEO has joined the OneTen coalition to create one million jobs for Black Americans over the next ten years. Learn more about DEI at ADP on our YouTube channel: http://adp.careers/DEI_Videos.Ready to #MakeYourMark? Apply today!To learn more about Sales at ADP, watch here: http://adp.careers/Sales_VideosWHAT YOU'LL DO: ResponsibilitiesGrow Our Business While Growing Yours: You will develop relationships with accounting firms through business partnerships with your internal ADP partners. You will educate them on Human Resources Outsourcing solutions for their clients, and implement a top-down sales strategy including: industry updates, Continuing Professional Education (CPE) offerings, benchmarking. You will run CPA experience meetings to close sales, win business, and reach sales goals.Turn Prospects into Loyal and Referring Clients: To close sales, you will help our clients understand their needs and recommend the right solutions to solve them. You'll earn referral business through networking with existing and soon-to-be clients and forging partnerships in-person and over the phone with decision-makers.Deepen Relationships Across the ADP Family: In addition to cloud-based human resources solutions, you will strategically cross-sell with other ADP associates to cultivate additional business within existing accounts; you will make life-long friendships here.Collaborate Daily. You will serve as a trusted advisor, partner, and ADP ambassador to accountants, internal partners, and overall network while demonstrating grace under pressure and the highest ethical standards.TO SUCCEED IN THIS ROLE: Required QualificationsPositive Self-Starter. You have an upbeat, persistent style and the ability to follow-up on leads without fear of rejection. You can manage your time well, prioritize deliverables, and multi-task with the best of them. In addition, you can present your ideas in a clear, professional manner on paper, in-person, and over the phone.Strategic Closer. You have an established network and experience carrying a quota in outside business-to-business sales. You have an impressive track record of closing sales, winning clients, and managing a territory and relationships.Proven Winner. You have an ambitious spirit and thrive under pressure, motivating you to not only hit sales quotas but exceed them.A college degree is great but not required. What's more important is having the skills to do the job. If you don't have a college degree, other acceptable experience could include:Payroll experience, relationship sales experience, or HRO experience.Military experience -- skills including teamwork, resilience, negotiation, trust-building, and a "never lose" mentality will help you build team and client relationships, identify solutions, and achieve success.BONUS POINTS FOR THESE: Preferred QualificationsAbility to successfully build a network and effectively use social media for salesYOU'LL LOVE WORKING HERE BECAUSE YOU CAN:Be yourself in a culture that values equity, inclusion, and belonging and creates a safe space for diverse perspectives and insights.Belong by joining one of nine Business Resource Groups where you can connect globally with networks and allies who share common interests and experiences.Grow your career in an agile, fast-paced environment with plenty of opportunities to progress.Continuously learn. Ongoing training, development, and mentorship opportunities for even the most insatiable learner.Be your healthiest. Best-in-class benefits start on Day 1 because healthy associates are happy ones.Balance work and life.Resources and flexibility to more easily integrate your work and your life.Focus on your mental health and well-being. We're here to provide exceptional service to our clients, and none of that happens without each of us taking care of ourselves and being there for one another.Join a company committed to giving back and generating a lasting, positive impact upon the communities in which we work and live. Get paid to pay it forward. Company-paid time off for volunteering for causes you care about.What are you waiting for? Apply now!