Title: Medical Technician | Laboratory - Contract - Nights
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Contract
Description: Entrust Your Career to HealthTrust! At HealthTrust, we believe that healthcare is not defined by the four walls in which it is practiced. It’s defined by its people. We pride ourselves on crafting opportunities which expand skill sets, broaden career horizons, provide economic stability, and cultivate personal growth. Our partnering hospital is seeking a compassionate and skilled healthcare professional for a 13-week assignment. Healthtrust Offers: Competitive Pay PackagesGuaranteed hoursWeekly direct deposit options401k with Company MatchEarn up to $750 for referralsFree Private Furnished Housing or Tax-Free Subsidy To get started you will need: An adventurous spirit and fierce dedicationA degree from an accredited schoolMinimum 1-year acute care experience in a hospital settingAppropriate certifications for a specific position HealthTrust Benefits: Opportunities for a lifetime: When you become a part of the HCA family, you will have exclusive access to more opportunities than any other healthcare system in the nation. At HWS, we help open the door to a lifetime of lasting career opportunities. From new graduate nursing apprenticeship programs to per diem nursing jobs, travel, local contracts, locum tenens physician openings, interim leadership and clinical instructor positions. A culture of care: Our clinicians have made HWS an industry leader for over 25 years. We are passionate about our mission that above all else, we are committed to the care and improvement of human life. Career Development: As a wholly owned subsidiary of HCA Healthcare. HWS is a preferred partner to thousands of top-performing hospitals, we provide our healthcare professionals with first-priority access to more than 200,000 jobs nationwide. We are uniquely positioned to offer you exclusive and direct access to HCA Healthcare’s vast network of facilities. Let us open the door to nationwide opportunities that fit your lifestyle! Not for You? Refer a Friend and Earn Up to Seven Hundred and Fifty Dollars by Visiting https://hubs.ly/H0fXMW20 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Location: RESEARCH MEDICAL CENTER MO - 2316 E MEYER BLVD Kansas City, MO 64132 ID: 817642 Job Board: EV IND_2 ReqID: 817642 Category: Travel Specialty: Medical Technician Job Type: Contract Job Type: Position Type: Travel HWS Exclusives: HWS Only