Title: Senior Life Underwriter | Remote
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: At Allianz Life, we are guided by our mission – we secure your future – and by our common goal of caring for tomorrow. We care for our employees by promoting an inclusive culture where everyone has the opportunity to grow and be rewarded for their success. We care for our customers by creating new products that help them protect their families and pursue their retirement goals. We care for our community by giving time, resources, and donations. And we care for the future by supporting sustainability, protecting the local environment, and promoting societal equity. What you do: Assess the medical and financial risk for routine and complex cases up to $5,000,000 sign off authority, and assigns the proper risk class to the case. Communicate underwriting decisions to the producer or FMO and works with internal distribution to communicate the offer. Act as a mentor for less experienced underwriters. May travel, and deliver presentations, representing Allianz Life at industry events and to distribution partners. You will report into the Underwriting Manager. Able to work through difficult formal and informal cases by reviewing medical records, medical exams, financial documents, telephone interviews, and other underwriting requirements to determine proper risk class assessment in accordance with company guidelines. Document risk assessment information and underwriting decisions within system application. Communicate underwriting decisions with field distribution, agents, and FMOs. Build rapport by educating on additional strategies that can be used to present adverse decisions to clients, and education on our products, requirements and underwriting philosophy. Correspond with internal and external customers regarding the status of cases, including field and internal distribution partners, the medical community, reinsurers and vendors. Participate on department projects as assigned and share knowledge/mentor other underwriters and Enterprise Operations employees. What you bring: 4-5 years’ experience required: Life or long-term care underwriting 6-7 years’ experience preferred: Life Underwriting Four-year degree required: Business, communications, or medical fields of study or equivalent work experience Range $56,000 - $112,000 Actual base salary may vary based on factors such as relevant experience, qualifications, internal equity of peers, and geographic location. In addition to base salary, this position is eligible for an annual incentive program. What we offer: At Allianz Life, we’re proud to provide a benefits package that supports the True Balance of our employees and their families. We offer: a choice of comprehensive medical, dental and vision plan options, health savings account, tuition reimbursement, student loan retirement plan, generous annual paid leave, an outstanding 401(k) company match, and life insurance. Plus, our employees enjoy an award-winning campus with an array of discounted amenities, including an onsite health center, child development center, fitness facility, convenience store and two cafeterias. Our employees and leaders take an active role in shaping our culture through our Employee Resource Groups, whose activities and advocacy contribute to an environment that welcomes, includes and celebrates diversity. Our great benefits, campus amenities and inclusive, engaged culture are among the many reasons we’re routinely recognized as a top workplace employer. 45767 | Underwriting | Professional | Allianz US Life | Full-Time | Permanent Warning: When posting this job advertisement on an external job board, the length of the following fields combined must not exceed 3950 characters: "External Posting Description", "External Posting Footer" Allianz Group is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the conﬁdence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us. We at Allianz believe in a diverse and inclusive workforce and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We encourage you to bring your whole self to work, no matter where you are from, what you look like, who you love or what you believe in. We therefore welcome applications regardless of ethnicity or cultural background, age, gender, nationality, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Join us. Let’s care for tomorrow.