Title: Senior Analyst/.NET Developer
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Jackson, MS (100% onsite) 1&plus; year contract $65-75/hr. Job Description We are in search of a senior analyst/developer with experience in .NET applications. In this role, you will provide enhancements, support, and maintenance to our client's current applications. You may be required to design, enhance, and develop additional applications as needed. Responsibilities Serve as the technical .NET developer for our client. Maintain support and develop enhancements to our client's applications. Assist our client's technical team REQUIRED SKILLS 10 years of experience with .NET Development and support 10 years of experience with .NET Visual Studio BONUS SKILLS 5 years of experience with Design and produce queries 5 years of experience with record-locking development 5 years of experience with Application-level security 5 years of experience with System and user auditing 5 years of experience with SQL Server Database Administration 5 years of experience with Data modeling 5 years of experience with Microsoft server operating systems including Windows 2008 5 years of experience with PMP 5 years of experience with JavaScript 5 years of experience with Crystal reports 5 years of experience with Troubleshooting for end users 5 years of experience with Object-oriented programming, mainframe programming, and cross-system data exchanges 4 years of Mississippi experience 4 years of experience with MAGIC/PayMode experience 5 years of experience with Testing environment and data needed for testing 5 years of experience with Coordinate QA User Testing activities 5 years of experience with the ability to interact with functional users and technical users regarding business and information technology needs Bachelor's degree Be a part of the ConsultNet difference. As a leading national provider of IT staffing and solutions, ConsultNet delivers exceptional services to startup, midmarket and Fortune 1000 companies across North America. Since 1996, we've partnered with clients to create rewarding opportunities for our consultants, successfully building teams that have surefire results. In the past two years alone, we have placed more than 1,500 consultants in contract, contract-to-hire, or direct placement opportunities. We understand communication is key to finding the right job that matches your skills and career goals. For us, it's not just the work that we do; it's how we do the work. Our breadth of offerings extends to multiple IT positions in major markets throughout the country, see more at - www.consultnet.com