Title: Jewelry Sales Consultant
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Our Jewelry Consultants provide an exceptional experience for every Brilliant Earth customer. As a Jewelry Consultant you will guide the customer through the life of the sale through our engaging sales platforms: in-person and virtual appointments, phones, or live-chat! These team members assist our customers in finding their best jewelry match from our luxury product line. By meeting and exceeding sales targets in a fast-paced environment, this team creates personalized experiences while sharing the happiest moments of our customers' lives. Curious about a day- in- the- life? Check out a day in the life of a Jewelry Consultant Here! The ideal candidate will be able to work a full-time schedule that includes weekend days. This role is in-person at our Denver showroom location, which is open from 10 am - 7pm. The targeted budget for this position is $22/hour. This compensation budget range may be adjusted at any time at the discretion of the company. What you’ll do: Utilize sales strategies and deep product knowledge to guide customers through multiple purchasing decisions via appointments and walk-in consultations, creating memorable and personalized experiences for each customer. Manage a high volume of incoming sales leads via email, live chat, and phones to attain individual revenue targets, providing a luxury customer experience reflective of our high-quality product Proactively greet, check-in, and assist customers in the purchasing process, creating a memorable, one-on-one customer experience. Conduct post-sale appointments to assist and educate customers returning for pick-ups, exchanges, re-sizing, and other inquiries. Call customers to confirm showroom appointments and answer any pre-appointment questions. Review customer feedback surveys and online reviews, working with your leaders to continuously improve the customer experience and your sales performance. Skillfully enforce policies within the waiting room to ensure a safe and pleasant experience for all guests, and ensure product security. Open and/or close the showroom and waiting area. Use our ERP system to manage your tasks and communicate cross-functionally. Act as a brand advocate, sharing our mission of creating a more sustainable, transparent, and compassionate jewelry industry. What You Have: A passion for the customer. You don’t just like to help – you go above and beyond to provide the best possible experience to each customer that comes through the door. A drive to exceed goals. You love a good challenge! You’re a self-proclaimed “over-achiever” on a mission to exceed your sales targets. It’s all in the details. When it comes to our customer’s biggest moments, you know it’s the little things that count the most. You have a passion for process and a keen eye for detail in a fast-moving work environment. Communication is Key. You have a way with words. Whether you’re interacting with a customer or teammate in person, via email, or by chat, you’re clear and concise. Master of Collaboration. You’re a team player. You believe that in order to transform the jewelry industry, we all have to work together! What We Offer At Brilliant Earth, we’re passionate about supporting our teams. Through our Pillars of Culture, we've built our teams with a focus on innovation, collaboration, and diversity! In addition, we offer competitive compensation, a robust benefits package and an environment that fosters growth. Some of our perks include: Career Growth. We want to see you sparkle! Through regular 1-1’s with your manager, a variety of training opportunities, and an annual 360 review process for all employees, our leaders are dedicated to creating clear pathways for growth. Learn more about how Brilliant Earth creates a culture of collaboration and growth Here! Diverse, mission-minded team. We were founded to cultivate a more transparent, sustainable, compassionate, & inclusive jewelry industry. Learn more about our impact and team diversity Here! Continued Education. Company-sponsored learning in leadership, professional skills, diversity & inclusion, and access to tuition reimbursement for role-specific trainings. Employee Discounts. As an employee at Brilliant Earth, you’ll receive a generous discount on our jewelry.Sales Incentive Programs. Quarterly bonuses for achieving sales targets, plus additional bonuses for exceeding goals and monthly bonuses for top sales reps. Wellness Benefits. We offer access to exclusive discounts on gym memberships and more, as well as an Employee Assistance Program for 24/7 access to counseling. Giving Back and Volunteer Opportunities. In addition to our giving back programs, our teams support local initiatives and spend time together by volunteering. Insurance. Medical, dental, and vision insurance kick in on the first day of your 2nd month! 401k match. We know that saving for the future is important. That's why we offer a generous 401k match. Paid Time Off. We know it’s important to recharge and relax - you’ll accrue 3 weeks of PTO in your first year. Disability and Life insurance. 100% employer-paid. Pre-Tax Commuter Benefits. How to Apply & What to Expect: If selected for an interview the process for this role includes a phone call with the recruiting team, an online exercise to explore our website and common customer inquiries, and a video interview with one of our leaders! At Brilliant Earth, our mission is to cultivate a more transparent, sustainable, compassionate, & inclusive jewelry industry. We believe in creating jewelry you can feel good about wearing, without ever compromising between quality and conscience. We are hard-working team players that welcome challenges and rise to any occasion. Our community of collaboration, respect and encouragement is fostered by frequent team events, cross-departmental meetings and celebrating our wins, big and small. As one of the fastest growing e-commerce jewelers in the world, we're searching for bright and passionate people who are excited to make an impact from day one and grow with the company to take on greater responsibility over time. Brilliant Earth recognizes the value of diversity and inclusion on our team, as we work together to reinvent fine jewelry in a thoughtful and modern way. At Brilliant Earth, we celebrate each other – our successes, the lessons along the way, and the unique perspectives each individual brings to our team. It is our intent to maintain a work environment and hiring process which is free of harassment or discrimination because of sex, race, religion, color, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetic information, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, military service, veteran status, or any other status protected by Federal, State or local laws. We are committed to complying with all Federal, State and local laws providing Equal Employment Opportunities, and all other employment laws and regulations. If you need assistance or reasonable accommodation completing an application or at any stage of the interview process, please reach out to us at accommodations@brilliantearth.com.