Title: Veterinary Assistant
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Overview Peachtree Corners Animal Clinic has an opportunity for a Full-Time Veterinary Assistant to join our team! Location: 4020 Holcomb Bridge Road Norcross, Georgia 30092 Shift Details: Day Shift 7am-6pm, Closed on holidays, but we do have a holiday rotation. Typically work 1-2 holidays per year. We also are closed on Sundays but have a Sunday rotation of 1 Sunday per month. Compensation: $16.50-$18.50 / hour based on experience Required Experience Must be able to monitor in surgery or pull blood from both Canine & Feline Patients Must be able to lift 50 lbs and be able to understand medical terminology Benefits We Offer Medical, vision, and dental insurance options for full-time staff401k retirement plan options with company match for all staff over 21 years oldPaid time off and paid major holidays for full-time staffYearly uniform allowanceDiscount on veterinary care and products for your furry family membersLife insurance and other benefit options available for full-time staffEducation discount for staff who desire to become a Licensed Technician (some eligibility requirements) Job Summary: The Veterinary Assistant aids and supports the medical support team in the operation of an animal facility in accordance with Mission Veterinary Partners (MVP) hospital policy and procedures. The Veterinary Assistant also provides medical care to patients as allowed in the veterinary practice act. Responsibilities How you'll make an impact: Maintain and uphold the Core Values and Mission Statement of MVP. Assist in all daily duties for clinic care. Participate in any special cleaning duties. Provide client care by scheduling appointments, taking payments, and check-ins. Maintain excellent client communication. Record all pertinent medical, client and case related information in the patient record accurately with appropriate grammar, terms, and accurate information. Review medical records, estimates or discharge instructions with clients. Answer the phones in a courteous and informative way. Provide patient care under the direction of a DVM. Qualifications Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Must be proficient in a variety of skills ranging from but not limited to laboratory, pharmacy, radiology, surgery, dental and nursing skills. Ability to demonstrate patience and composure in stressful situations, and ability to handle a fast-paced environment. Ability to stay calm and efficient during a medical crisis. The employee must have mental processes for reasoning, remembering, mathematics, and language ability (reading, writing, and speaking the English language) to perform the duties proficiently. The employee must also be confident around pets. We put people first and never compromise on our values. Apply today for immediate consideration! Mission Veterinary Partners (MVP) is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.