Title: RN Case Manager FT Days | Heritage Valley
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Case Manager (RN, OT, PT, SLP or LSW) Full-time Days opportunity Apply today, interviewing now! The Case Manager is responsible for the interdisciplinary coordination of care for a designated patient population. The Case Manager performs reviews of all inpatient admission records to ensure proper utilization of hospital resources and determination of admission for appropriate level team to facilitate achievement of desired financial and quality outcomes. The Case Manager will also maintain and enhance payor relationships. Performs other related duties as assigned or requested. This is an exempt position. Responsibilities Admission Data Collection and Assessment Assesses, plans, monitors, and coordinates plan of care from pre-admission to community re-entry through the implementation of case management standards and processes. Assesses the individual’s personal and medical history, current status, diagnosis, prognosis, and the proposed treatment plan. Promotes and utilizes the appropriate level of care for the patient and refers to other facilities as needed. Adheres to contract agreements and specific criteria. Serves as a liaison with payor source points of contact to verify and guarantee coverage and identify items required to process the claim for service. Assists patient and or caregiver in developing realistic goals to direct the treatment regimen. Proactively communicates with payor source to explore coverage solutions (flex benefits, out of contract, etc.). Planning, Implementation & Facilitation Promotes optimal outcomes for the patient within the boundaries of the diagnosis. Coordinates and facilitates interdisciplinary team (IDT) meetings and plan of treatment. Meets with patient, family, and IDT to facilitate “continuity of care”. Implements utilization review process and continuously evaluates the appropriate level of care with the interdisciplinary team and payor, and patient/caregiver(s). Proactively obtains authorization for any extension of service of LOS. Coordinates the discharge plan with the IDT and providers. Monitors expense versus revenue for caseload on a daily basis. Advocacy Proactively collaborates with the health care team, payors, community agencies, providers and legal representatives to ensure continuity throughout the continuum. Serves as a liaison with the treatment team and the primary care physician, referring physician, medical director, patient/caregiver(s), and other parties as appropriate. Promotes effective communications among treatment team members, patient/caregiver(s), primary care physician, referring physician, medical director, and payor. Participates in care conferences, family conferences, etc. when indicated. Educates and supports the individual/family to be empowered and self-reliant in being advocates for themselves. Uses the mechanism of early referral to promote and provide optimum care and cost containment. Represents the individual’s best interests through assisting in finding necessary funding, offering treatment alternatives, and coordinating treatment. Monitoring & Evaluation Continuously reviews and evaluates the patient’s progress, as reflected by the goals defined in the treatment plan. Uses appropriate auditing processes and tools to ensure department and treatment efficiency. Participates in performance improvement evaluation processes with particular emphasis on results-oriented treatment. Professional Growth Maintains professional growth in case management by: attending continuing education opportunities; reviewing pertinent professional literature; maintaining knowledge of current community resources; and reviewing and being familiar with the managed care marketplace to determine managed care growth potential, opportunities, penetration, service trends, relationships, networks, etc. Qualifications Education and Training: RN, OT, PT, SLP, RT or LSW licensure in state where the hospital resides required. Current BLS certification required. Experience: Three to five years of inpatient experience, preferably in an acute, IRF or LTACH setting. About Us PAM HEALTH (PAM) based in Enola, Pennsylvania, provides specialty healthcare services through more than 70 long-term acute care hospitals and physical medicine and rehabilitation hospitals, as well as wound clinics and outpatient physical therapy locations, in 17 states. PAM Health is committed to providing high-quality patient care and outstanding customer service, coupled with the loyalty and dedication of highly trained staff, to be the most trusted source for post-acute services in every community it serves. Its mission is to serve people by providing compassionate, expert care, and to support recovery through education and research. Joining our PAMily allows you to work in a collaborative environment with colleagues and leadership with exposure to a variety of patient care levels. Aside from our competitive pay, generous paid benefit time, and excellent insurance options, you will also have opportunities for professional growth through our Education Advancement Program. We are excited to learn more about you and hope that you consider joining us on a shared mission to improve the lives of others by being an integral part of our We Care Program. Please take a moment to visit us online at www.PAMHealth.com for a comprehensive look at how we're able to positively impact our local communities. PAM Health does not discriminate and does not permit discrimination, including, without limitation, bullying, abuse or harassment, on the basis of actual or perceived race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, gender, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression or HIV status, or based on association with another person on account of that person's actual or perceived race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, gender, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression or HIV status.