Title: Warehouse Team Member
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Our mission is to be a trusted workplace for team members to be their whole selves at work. A company that people love and positively impacts the lives of all whom we touch. be your best self At Interstate Batteries, you have the chance to be excellent at work and excellent at life. We know that professional success depends on personal wellbeing. That's why we want to enrich your life with the tools and services you need to succeed in every area of your life. Join us! Purpose Of Job Ability to accurately and efficiently complete assigned distribution center tasks using a variety of equipment including RF barcode scanning devices, material handling equipment - electric and manual pallet jacks, stand-up and sit-down forklifts, WMS applications, and other shipping applications. Job Components Accurately process system and manual transactions (receiving, transfer, pick, pack, ship)Handling of product per the warehouse distributor standards (receiving, transfer, pick, pack, ship)Properly tag pallets (for transfer, pick, pack, ship)General warehousing duties (such as restocking shelves and housekeeping of assigned areas)Ability to multi-task and/or quickly transition from one function/task to next function/taskOther warehouse duties as assigned by warehouse distributor management Qualifications High school graduate and strong basic math skillsMinimum ½ year experience in warehouse operations - including RF/HH equipment, forklift, electric pallet jack and stretch-wrap machine preferably in warehouse environmentWorking knowledge of computers or ability to learn applicable systems requiredHigh degree of accuracy and attention to detailSense of urgency and well organizedCooperative team like attitude Scope Data Interacts professionally within the RDC teamInteracts professionally with all other departments and team members Accountable for individual accuracy and commitment to learning from mistakesOperates with integrity and demonstrates a positive attitude Work Environment Warehouse distributor environment may be subject to temperature extremes, dust , fumes and battery acidHeavy lifting up to 100 lbs.Repetitive lifting Consistent walking Standing or walking for two-hour intervalsRepetitive taping of boxesOvertime required as deemed necessary Note: We do not accept resumes from headhunters, placement agencies, or other suppliers that have not signed a formal agreement with us. Interstate Batteries provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Interstate Batteries complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. Interstate Batteries expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sex, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Interstate Batteries' employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated. Salary Requirements $16-$22 Benefits Information