Title: US_Specialist III, LMS
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description Learning is a critical success factor and is part of the quality management system in BI. The Learning Management System (LMS) is the primary, centralized, electronic tool used to assign, record, track and monitor learning activities for BI Globally. This position provides consistent global, regional and local business support for LMS through: Manage and supervise global, regional and local assignment process Supporting one or more business functions and R/OPUs Providing technical expertise (system business troubleshooting, advice and assistance to Learners, Curriculum Owners, Line Managers, etc.) Promoting best practices in the utilization of LMS Close cooperation with the SOP and Learning groups inside and outside of Medicine As an employee of Boehringer Ingelheim, you will actively contribute to the discovery, development and delivery of our products to our patients and customers. Our global presence provides opportunity for all employees to collaborate internationally, offering visibility and opportunity to directly contribute to the companies´ success. We realize that our strength and competitive advantage lie with our people. We support our employees in a number of ways to foster a healthy working environment, meaningful work, diversity and inclusion, mobility, networking and work-life balance. Our competitive compensation and benefit programs reflect Boehringer Ingelheim´s high regard for our employees. Duties & Responsibilities Manage global, regional and local assignment process for assigned business function(s) and R/OPU(s) Manage assignment process on global, regional and local level for documents Participate at SOP kick off meetings on global, regional and local level Manage Quarterly Review Process on global, regional and local level Support global, regional and local curriculum owners in creation of curricula Support assigned business function (e.g. GPV…) regarding LMS demands (e.g. creation/maintenance of items, curricula and eLearnings, use of scheduled offerings,…) Be the contact person for the respective curriculum owners Management of ROPU demands: Support regional and local LMS learning activities / issues together with business (e.g. setup and maintenance of eLearnings, curricula…) Support regional and local management regarding LMS specific needs (e.g. provision of compliance/trend reports on learners…) Manage vendor interaction: Be a key contact person for the vendor related to assigned R/OPUs and business functions (e.g. handling of requests from vendor, escalations by business…) Support the development/maintenance of LMS business processes related to the outsourced model: Continually evaluate and improve assigned process by collecting feedback and developing process improvement proposals Align and agree with LMS group upon updates Train other LMS Associates and vendor on new/updated processes Act as backup for partner LMS Associate Be familiar with the backup R/OPU(s) and business function(s) LMS continual improvement Support efforts for effective and efficient system use. Act as Technical and Business Expert in the use of LMS and Maintain system quality Maintain in-line quality system checks (e.g. assignments,…) Report on standard system metrics Manage annual effort of item review and clean-up Manage quarterly curriculum review Participate in user functionality testing and system change control processes, if applicable Participate in LMS Super User meeting, keeping current on system enhancement planning, system challenges Support of regulatory authority inspections and audits (preparation, conduct and follow up activities - as applicable) Represent supported functions in regional and local cross functional LMS Super User committees/groups and ensuring our demands/interests are kept Frequent internal company contacts across departments and external contacts with other operating units (liaison to the local IS and HR team, GxP LMS team (team hosting and maintaining the LMS) Contribute to Global LMS SOPs and define global standards and business practices for the usage of LMS, as needed Requirements Associates Degree from an accredited institution or equivalent work experience of five to eight (5-8) years. Experience with training others on use of applications and processes. Three to five (3-5) years of experience working with systems. Pharmaceutical experience a plus. Experience using a LMS a plus. Interpersonal, intercultural and communicational skills. Strong organizational skills. Excellent IT skills, including but not limited to MS Office. Ability to work independently as well as in a team. Reliability and accuracy. Must be able to make decisions using a global, harmonized approach. Must be familiar with organizational structure worldwide. Compensation This position offers a base salary typically between $65,000 and $138,000. The position may be eligible for a role specific variable or performance-based bonus and or other compensation elements. For an overview of our benefits please click here .