Title: Restaurant Host - Marketplace Café - Westfarms
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description The ideal host/hostess is self-motivated, friendly and committed to providing outstanding customer service every day. A day in the life… Greet and seat customers quickly and in a professional mannerShare your knowledge and enthusiasm about the restaurant's menu and products with customersAssist with new employee training by positively reinforcing successful performance and offer assistance as neededSupport other areas of the restaurant as requested, such as answering telephones, completing financial transactions, stock work, cleanup and documentationThe hours and schedule for this position will vary by week depending on business needs You own this if you have… The ability to communicate clearly and professionally with customers and coworkersThrived in a fast-paced environmentThe ability to work a flexible scheduleA food handler’s card where required by local and state regulations1+ year experience in food service/hospitality (preferred) We’ve got you covered… Our employees are our most important asset and that’s reflected in our benefits. Nordstrom is proud to offer a variety of benefits to support employees and their families, including: Medical/Vision, Dental, Retirement and Paid Time AwayLife Insurance and DisabilityMerchandise Discount and EAP Resources A few more important points... The job posting highlights the most critical responsibilities and requirements of the job. It’s not all-inclusive. There may be additional duties, responsibilities and qualifications for this job. Nordstrom will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all legal requirements. Applicants with disabilities who require assistance or accommodation should contact the nearest Nordstrom location, which can be identified at www.nordstrom.com. © 2022 Nordstrom, Inc Current Nordstrom employees: To apply, log into Workday, click the Careers button and then click Find Jobs. Pay Range Details The pay range(s) below are provided in compliance with state specific laws. Pay ranges may be different in other locations.