Title: VP of Digital Enablement and Technology
Experience Level: Executive
Work Type: Full-time
Description: VP Digital Enablement and Technology Americas Location: Blue Bell, PA About SKF SKF has been making the world spin since 1907! SKF is an industry-leading manufacturer dedicated to a culture of belonging, where our people flourish in an equitable environment that promotes leadership development and career growth. SKF bearings played an integral role in helping Mars Rover collect rock and regolith samples on the planet’s surface. As an SKF team member, you will join 40,000 colleagues from more than 130 countries developing bearing technology and services that make rotation more reliable and sustainable. Sustainability is at the heart of everything we do. SKF aims to have net zero greenhouse gas emissions at all our production facilities by 2030. SKF products keep vehicles rolling, power the machines that put food on your table, and even reach into the cosmos as part of the Mars rover mission. Founded in Sweden in 1907, today SKF is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Stockholm with annual sales in 2020 of approximately $10 billion. Job Summary We are seeking a passionate and highly skilled senior leader in Digital Enablement and Technology with responsibility for the Americas region. In this role you will oversee the information technology strategy, operations, and solutions across the region. You will play a critical role in driving innovation, optimizing business processes, and ensuring the secure and efficient operation of all IT systems. Job Duties and Responsibilities are (including but not limited to): Develop and implement the overall IT strategy for the Americas region, aligning with the global IT strategy and business objectives. Lead the team of IT professionals, providing leadership, guidance, and mentoring to ensure performance and promote a culture of innovation. Ensure the efficient operation of all IT systems and infrastructure, including network and data centers, through proactive monitoring, maintenance, and capacity planning. Collaborate with other regional and global IT leaders to standardize processes, enhance integration, and ensure continuous improvement. Partner with business leaders to identify and prioritize technology initiatives that support the growth and expansion of the Americas region. Develop a culture of curiosity, collaboration, courage, and care. Job Requirements Bachelor's degree in computer science, Information Systems, or a related field; master’s degree preferred. Prior experience in a CIO capacity or equivalent executive position ideally within an international corporation.Demonstrated experience in driving digital transformation and leveraging technology to achieve business outcomes.A proven history of managing complex IT projects and initiatives. Solid understanding of business processes and the ability to align IT initiatives with organizational goals. Effective leadership and communication skills, with the ability to influence and collaborate with stakeholders at all levels. Bilingual English & Spanish preferred. What You’ll Love About SKF Rest and Relaxation. Enjoy a generous PTO policy and 13 paid holidays. Work/Life Integration. SKF supports work/life integration, home, family, community, personal well-being and health. Flexible work options available, depending on role. Diversity in the Workplace. At SKF, we strive to embed Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in everything we do. By developing a culture of belonging, our people can flourish; leading to an inclusive, equitable environment that promotes leadership, engagement, and innovation. Best in Class Benefits. SKF cares about the wellbeing of our employees. Comprehensive healthcare options to fit your needs and opt out payment. Added benefits include company paid life insurance, STD, LTD. Supplemental benefits include critical illness coverage, tuition reimbursement, employee discount programs, and much more! Invest in your Future. Participate in our 401K program that boasts a 10% employer contribution: 100% match up to 5% of your elected contribution (100% Vested) plus an additional 5% company contribution. Reporting to: President, Industrial Region Americas Location: Blue Bell, PA Job ID: 19656 SKF provides equal employment [and affirmative action] opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability. By applying to this job you acknowledge how SKF treats candidate data. Click HERE to review the SKF Data Privacy Consent Statement.