Title: Senior Insurance Sales Producer/Advisor, Experian Consumer Services
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Company Description Experian Insurance Services is reinventing the insurance broker model with technology, data, and human interaction. We are on a mission to make the process of finding the best home and auto insurance easy, straightforward, and transparent. We’re serious about building and using technology to save our customers money, time, and hassle, and we’re just getting started with what we will accomplish. We’re looking for people who are just as passionate about products that help make consumers’ financial lives easier as we are. We’re an international team of 200+ people based in the US, Poland, and Costa Rica! Job Description We are looking for open-minded, highly motivated, and infectiously positive people to help us build an awesome new product for the insurance market in the US. We are an open, diverse and collaborative team working across multiple locations on two continents. Your day will consist of connecting with our customers to resolve their questions, meet their needs and ultimately guide them through the Auto and Home Insurance comparison and switching process. To be successful in this role, you should be an excellent communicator who’s able to earn our clients’ trust. Ultimately, you will help build and maintain our reputation as a company that offers top-notch customer service during the insurance purchase and switching process. Efficiently sell P&C personal insurance policies via phone, email, text and chat Analyze customers insurance needs based on their current insurance coverage Clearly explain insurance proposals to customers leveraging a consultative and empathetic approach Identify up-sell and cross-sell opportunities via gaps in coverage Work effectively in a collaborative team environment Qualifications Property and Casualty insurance license or Personal Lines License required 2+ years of Insurance sales experience, agency experience is a plus Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite Strong analytical, multi-tasking, time management and organizational skills Empathetic toward each customer’s unique needs Curious and willing to challenge the status quo Highly-motivated, have an entrepreneurial spirit and a strong work ethic The working hours are based on PST shifts and MUST be able to work at least one weekend day.Start date is Tues. 5/28/24 Perks This is an 100% remote position15 days of vacation accrual annually, five sick days, two volunteer days Wellness initiatives, online discounts, employee discounts, pet insurance and more Employee stock purchase program and 401K matching and immediate vesting DoorDash Pass paid for, used to provide periodic recognition meals for employees. Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.