Title: Registered Nurse-FT: TMMK, Georgetown, KY
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Healthcare Without RivalPremise Health is the world's leading direct healthcare provider and one of the largest digital providers in the country, serving over 11 million eligible lives across more than 2,500 of the largest commercial and municipal employers in the U.S. Premise partners with its clients to offer fully connected care – in-person and in the digital environment. It operates more than 800 onsite and nearsite wellness centers in 45 states and Guam, delivering care through the Digital Wellness Center and onsite, nearsite, mobile, and event solutions. Premise delivers value by simplifying complexity and breaking down barriers to give diverse member populations access to convenient, integrated, high-quality care. We offer more than 30 products, delivering the breadth and depth of care required to serve organizations' total populations. The result is healthcare that meets the needs of members and their families, helping them live healthier while lowering costs for organizations. Premise offers a wide range of dynamic, purpose-driven career opportunities. We are currently looking for a full time, Registered Nurse to join our team in Georgetown, KY. Hours: Monday- Wednesday: 2PM - 2 AM with potential of 2.5 hours of Overtime each shift About the role: This role provides nursing care to client employees and/or contractors and visitors to the health center. Essential Functions: Uses nursing skills to evaluate patient care needs, prioritize treatment, and maintain patient flow. Conducts a nursing assessment by taking a patient history and physical assessment and by obtaining vital signs and other medical tests. Provides treatment within scope of practice as defined by state law. Collaborates with Physician or other Licensed Independent Practitioner to arrange for further medical treatment, when needed. Identifies equipment that needs repair and brings it to the attention of the lead clinician. Performs occupational and health screening tests as defined in site contract (EKG, audiometry, spirometry, vision). Conducts appropriate laboratory tests and quality control procedures. Documents accurately all elements of nursing assessment, treatments, medications administered, discharge instructions provided, and follow up care arranged. Evaluates health education/promotion needs of patients and provides necessary training and instruction. Identifies emergency situations and provides care within legal scope of practice. Administers medications and medical treatments competently as directed by a Physician or Licensed Independent Practitioner. Maintains medical records using (In some health centers it may be using Electronic Medical Record software). Maintains a clean and safe environment. Follows infection control procedures. Maintains patient privacy and confidential patient information. Participates in follow up phone calls and follow up patient visits. Other duties as assigned. Job Requirements: Certificate from an accredited Nursing School or Associates’ degree (A.S.) is required. Bachelor's degree (BSN) from four-year college or university is preferred. Currently licensed Registered Nurse in state of practice required Current hands on training in AHA or ARC Basic Life Support for health care providers is required. Advanced Cardiac Life Support may also be required based on contract scope of services. Certification in Occupational Health Nursing, Certification in Emergency Nursing, or Certificate in Case Management preferred. Preferred Experience: At least three years experience as a Registered Nurse in an emergency room, occupational health clinic or other ambulatory care clinic. Knowledge of Internet software, Spreadsheet software and Word Processing software. Knowledge and experience with Electronic Medical Records preferred. Knowledge of workplace health and safety concepts and OSHA regulations preferred. Work-life balance is at the foundation of how decisions are made and where Premise is headed. We can only help people get, stay, and be well if we do the same for ourselves. In addition to competitive pay, Premise offers benefits packages including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, 401(k), paid holidays and vacation time, a company-sponsored wellness program, and much more our talent acquisition team will be happy to share with you. Premise Health is an equal opportunity employer; we value inclusion, and we do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status.