Title: Kulanihakoi High- Grade 9-11 Special Education CBI Program Teacher (2024-01297)
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description Special Education teacher focusing on developing and implementing CBI. Minimum Qualifications The Hawaii State Department of Education is committed to hiring highly qualified teachers in every classroom. With the exception of designated Career and Technology Education (CTE) positions, the minimum qualification to apply for a teacher, librarian or counselor position is a Bachelor's Degree. If you are hired without completing a Teacher's Education Program, you have a maximum of 3 years to obtain a valid Hawaii teaching license. You must enroll in a Program to continue employment with the Department. Within each year of employment, you must satisfactorily demonstrate active pursuit towards meeting Hawaii licensing requirements, as set forth by the Hawaii Teacher Standards Board (HTSB). It is your responsibility to ensure the program you have enrolled is aligned with the teaching line you are hired in. Upon hire you will need to have a valid Hawaii teaching license or Emergency Hire Permit. You may apply for your Hawaii teaching license on the Hawaii Teacher Standards Board Website ( Supplemental Information Please visit For more information about this school, please visit their website at: Equal Opportunity The Hawaii State Department of Education does not discriminate in its educational policies, programs, and activities on the basis of sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, and disability in accordance with Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Age Discrimination Act of 1975, and Americans with Disabilities Act of 1991. The Department does not discriminate in its employment policies, programs, and activities on the basis of sexual orientation, arrest and court record, and National Guard participation, as well as on the basis of sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, and disability, in accordance with Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, Americans with Disabilities Act of 1991, Equal Pay Act of 1963, and Chapter 378, Part I, Hawaii Revised Statutes. Certificated 10-Month Teachers enjoy a range of competitive benefits: Compensation: 10-month teachers shall be compensated for the applicable Bargaining Unit 05 10-month salary schedule for working a 10-month work year. 18 Days of Paid Sick Leave and State/Federal Holidays: 10-month teachers receive 18 days of paid sick leave (of which 6 can be utilized for personal and/or professional development purposes) during the school year provided that all conditions under the respective collective bargaining agreement are met. Health Insurance: If eligible, the State pays a part of the premiums for each employee's enrollment in a State sponsored Medical, Drug, Vision, and Adult Dental Plan. For more information, please visit the Group Life Insurance: The State provides a free life insurance policy for employees and retirees. Premium Conversion Plan: Participating employees may increase their take-home pay by having the State deduct the cost of health care premiums before payroll taxes are withheld. Flexible Spending Accounts: Eligible employees can reduce their federal and state income taxes and social security taxes through a tax-savings benefit program called Retirement Plan: The State contributes to a retirement plan for eligible employees. Generally, employees with at least 10 years of credited service and who have reached 62 years of age or have 30 years of credited service and are 55 years old may retire and receive benefits. For more information, please visit Tax Shelter Annuity (TSA): If eligible, Department employees are able to participate in a tax shelter annuity program. The TSA plan allows eligible employees to contribute pre-tax dollars to an employee-selected investment service provider authorized to provide TSA products. Deferred Compensation: The State offers employees a tax deferred (sheltered) retirement investment program. This program is an opportunity to build a retirement nest egg through voluntary payroll deductions. Several investment options are available. Temporary Disability Insurance: Qualified employees may be eligible to receive benefits for a disability caused by a non-work related injury or illness under this program. Social Security: As an employer, the State also contributes to an employee's social security account. Workers' Compensation: If an employee is injured while on the job, benefits covering medical expenses and partial wage support may be available through workers' compensation. Union & Collective Bargaining: Employees have the right to join the union for collective bargaining with the State and employee representation. Some employee unions provide discounts, insurance and other opportunities. 12-Month Teachers are represented by the Hawaii State Teachers Association. More information can be found at by visiting the The above is intended as a general summary of the benefits offered and is subject to change. This does not constitute a contract or binding agreement. Benefits vary by type of employment appointment and collective bargaining agreements. 01 Will you have completed a bachelor's degree or higher by July 30, 2024? YesNo Required Question