Title: Salesforce Developer
Work Type: Full-time
Skills Required: Must Have: Minimum Requirements Bachelors degree required Minimum of 2 years of relevant experience, or advanced degree with 0 years of experience Nice to Have 3+ years of experience working as a Salesforce Developer Customization and development experience in Salesforce.com Platform with exposure to Sales or Service Clouds and experience integrating with other apps via API/Middleware Experience in using Lightning App Builder, Flow Builder, Apex, Triggers, API, LWC, SOQL, Visual Force and Data migration tools. Experience using a DevOps tooling with Salesforce.com platform. Salesforce certifications in one or more areas (Administrator, Platform Developer I/II, Platform App Developer, JavaScript Developer I) Experience in Additional Salesforce Clouds (Health Cloud, Commerce Cloud, Experience Cloud, Marketing Cloud) Experience customizing and/or integrating with App Exchange Products/ third party Apps Experience developing Apex Frameworks and or utilities for Salesforce.com platform. Ability to analyze performance issues arising and provide a remediation plan for custom code running on Salesforce.com platform. Experience in Salesforce.com reports and dashboards. Experience using relational databases and reporting warehouses. Ability to balance multiple assignments and deadlines at same time. Strong written and oral communication skills (timely, clear, concise, accurate, conclusive targeted to audience). About Medtronic Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. Physical Job Requirements The physical demands described within the Responsibilities section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. For Office Roles: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to be independently mobile. The employee is also required to interact with a computer, and communicate with peers and co-workers. Contact your manager or local HR to understand the Work Conditions and Physical requirements that may be specific to each role. (ADA-United States of America) A commitment to our employees lives at the core of our values. We recognize their contributions. They share in the success they help to create. We offer a wide range of benefits, resources, and competitive compensation plans designed to support you at every career and life stage. Learn more about our benefits here. This position is eligible for a short-term incentive plan. Learn more about Medtronic Incentive Plan (MIP) on page 6 here. The provided base salary range is used nationally (except in certain CA locations). The rate offered is compliant with federal/local regulations and may vary by experience, certification/education, market conditions, location, etc.
Description: Do you have a passion for innovating and developing next generation of Diabetes technology systems and platforms? Are you excited to be a member of the team that builds technology solutions to transform customer experience and modernize business processes? If so, you’ll be an awesome team member of our Digital Technology team! A Day in the Life At Medtronic Diabetes, we are looking for a Salesforce Developer who will be a pivotal member of our development team and have the responsibility to work on the development of next generation Diabetes systems. That includes owning all technical aspects of Salesforce implementation, Systems Integration, Customization of App Exchange Products and Custom Development. The Salesforce Developer is a key member of the Development team; the role is focused on application development on Salesforce Platform, testing, deployment, and iterative refinement, setting best practices and mentoring other developers. Our mission drives the need to be a highly skilled, flexible, extremely efficient, versatile, and agile in software product development for the benefit of our patients with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes in need of intensive insulin therapy. Diabetes impacts over 500 million people around the world — that’s roughly one in 10 adults. That means you probably know someone affected by this disease. At Medtronic, our Diabetes Operating Unit focuses on improving the lives of those within the global diabetes community. As a business, we strive to empower people with diabetes to live life on their terms by delivering innovation that truly matters and providing support in the ways they need it. We’re committed to meeting people with diabetes where they are in their journey, always with an aim to make their lives easier. Our portfolio of innovative solutions is designed to provide customers greater freedom and better health, helping them achieve better glucose control, while spending less time managing their disease. Responsibilities may include the following and other duties may be assigned. Participate in Technical Requirements gathering sessions, collaborate to provide documentation around design, customizations, integration, data migration and testing. Collaborate with Technical Architect to deliver well architected and secure solutions that best leverage the SFDC platform. Own & Deliver module(s) within a workstream from a technical perspective including customization, programming, data migrations on SFDC Platform. Demonstrate built capabilities to product manager as part of application development. Support testing teams and deliver documentation required for Quality Processes in a Regulated industry. Participate in CI/CD/Release Management, Identification of risks and issues from a technical perspective. Assist production support teams for escalated incident resolution. Promote best practices, perform code reviews, and ensure appropriate design patterns are being followed. Lead and Mentor a group of talented developers and guide them in technical and functional areas.