Title: CMS Lead Technical Consulting Engineer
Work Type: Full-time
Description: What You'll Do The Customer Experience team at Cisco is a team of elite authorities whose #1 focus is to help customers deploy and operate their networks effectively while delivering the best possible customer experience. Our success is validated through outstanding financial results, growing customer satisfaction metrics, industry recognition, and employee satisfaction scores. Your opportunity to impact the health and performance of networks and systems that surround us all are limitless. Your career growth options will be vast, as we realize our vision to become the #1 IT Company in the world. Make an impact with us! Cisco Managed Services (CMS) group seeks a Customer Support Engineer with expertise in Cisco Networking Technologies. As a Customer Support Engineer in our world-class team you will gain hands-on experience and the ability to earn industry-leading certifications. You will be a strategic partner to our customers, saving their business from the impact of network incidents, solving and preventing the recurrence of technical issues. You will solve our customers' toughest problems, ensuring that our customers get expected business outcomes, providing a superior customer experience. Who You'll Work With The team is group of highly skilled, dynamic, diverse, and passionate engineers who go above and beyond in assisting not just the customer but also their teammates and peers. "Work hard, play harder" is the motto of the team. The team is a good mix of engineers with varying years of experience in Cisco technologies and solutions, and each and every one of them bring great value to the table. Our team has global presence located in 2 US centers, 3 centers in EMEA and 2 India centers. Who You Are You will act as a focal point for high impact, large account problem resolution. Work on complex problems where analysis of situations requires in-depth evaluation of factors. Participate in daytime and night/weekend on-call rotation. Solve complex enterprise networks to quickly resolve downtime and outages. Build Methods Of Procedure (MOP) and action plans for post-sales projects Develop expertise in specific areas (i.e. technology, product). Transfer this skill in order to mentor colleagues and/or customers via presentations or documentation (technical tips, etc...). Handle issues/customers by setting expectations and meeting/exceeding those expectations to achieve the highest level of customer satisfaction. Effectively communicate issues to engineers within the support team, and resolutions/work-around to the customer. Receive minimal supervision, no instruction on routine work, and general instruction on new assignments. Perform ad hoc analyses and tasks as assigned. Provide mentorship and leadership to less experienced engineers. May require some travel to customer locations in this role. Qualifications Minimum of 3-5+ years' experience in network support Strong practical knowledge of troubleshooting Routing and Switching protocols BGP, ISIS, and STP. Strong practical knowledge of protocols including Multicast, HSRP, TCP/IP, IPSEC, and WLAN Strong practical knowledge of Cisco platforms including Nexus, Catalyst, ASR and ISR series routers Experence with SDWAN and DNAC Validated crisis management skills Strong analytical, problem solving and interpersonal skills Strong written and verbal communication skills Prior experience in support of remote customer networks required Exposure to Engineering/Computer Science/IT educational degree courses is a plus Python programming skills is a plus ITIL certifications a plus Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.