Title: GC Retail Store Lead Store 363
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Why Guitar Center? Here's just some of the rewards: For our employees who are musicians we offer the unique opportunity of gig leave--take time off to share your music with the world and return to your job after your tour! Guitar Center offers robust benefits and perks, including Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K plus company match, mental health support, paid sick/holiday/vacation time, employee discount program, and tuition reimbursement options. POSITION OVERVIEW: Guitar Center embodies the world of creativity and music by encouraging staff to find their own individual sound. Our mission is to develop and nurture lifelong musicians and make a difference in the world by enabling musicians and non-musicians alike to experience the joy that comes from creating music. We believe in creating inclusive environments that put our customers first all the while fulfilling our mission. As our Store Lead, a junior member of the store leadership team, you will be responsible for providing guidance and assistance to other store associates. In addition, you will maintain strong individual sales performance levels, and assists with merchandising and operational tasks to help the store deliver the best possible customer experience. This is an entry level management position to serve as a steppingstone and growth opportunity into a future store leadership role. A few special characteristics that make our Store Lead successful: Collaboration: Able to develop cooperation and teamwork while participating in a group, working toward solutions which generally benefit all involved parties. Good team player, able to build good working relationships with others. Customer Focus: Understands customer service principles, and able to provide an excellent customer experience. Able to connect with customers in a meaningful way. Is approachable, genuine, knowledgeable, encouraging, passionate, and committed to helping customers. Able to step in to handle customer service issues. Initiative: Able to identify opportunities & issues and follow through on work activities to capitalize or resolve them. Able to learn quickly and take positive action without being requested to do so. Able to develop knowledge and skills including product, store operations, sales and leadership. Organizational Skills: Able to utilize time, energy, and resources to stay on track and achieve goals. Able to adhere to a systematic course of action to achieve an objective. Able to multitask and pay strong attention to detail in a fast-paced & high-urgency environment. Able to complete tasks thoroughly in a timely manner. Selling: Able to work through GC certification program to gain a base understanding of products and sales techniques. Technology Skills: Able to navigate and learn new technology and retail systems, equipment, and computer programs needed to fulfill communication, customer service, and business needs & expectations. As our Store Lead, you will: Provide sales and operational guidance and assistance to other store associates with a focus on delivering the best customer experience Drive company sales initiatives Establish and maintain strong individual sales performance as a sales individual contributor and as a Lead to mentor and guide fellow associates Assist with the execution of all operational tasks to ensure the store is ready to conduct business. Including but not limited to; merchandising, product fulfillment on sales, functionality of displays, accurate pricing of inventory, shipping and receiving, and cycle counting. Perform open and closing duties as required and scheduled by Management New hire training for Sales and Operations support staff Operate as Manager in Charge in the absence of store leadership team Guitar Center is an Equal Opportunity Employer and provides fair and equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected status prohibited under Federal, State, or local laws. All employment decisions are based on valid job?related requirements. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran and are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our website, you may request a reasonable accommodation to express interest in a specific opening. You can request reasonable accommodation by calling 1?818-735-8800 ext. 2862 or by sending an email to recruiting@guitarcenter.com. "Requirements: 3+ years of directly relevant work experience in a retail or sales environment Able to work independently, prioritize responsibilities and multi-task with an appropriate level of urgency Able to lift weight of up to 25 pounds Preferences: Solid working experience with the Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook); proficiency strongly preferred (pivot tables, macros, formulas, v-lookups, etc.). Lead, supervisory or management experience Intermediate knowledge of Musical Instruments sold within Guitar Center (Guitars, Drums, Tech, etc.) "