Title: Field Service Technician
Work Type: Full-time
Description: About Milner:For decades, Milner has committed to helping organizations innovate with technological solutions to address today's challenges. Our diversified portfolio gives businesses full access to solutions that help accelerate growth and streamline business processes. We deliver a full suite of products and services, from multifunctional copiers and printers to IT solutions, document management software, and business telephones. Overview:We seek a skilled Field Service Technician to support our service team in Broward, West Palm Beach, and Miami-Dade counties. The Field Service Technician supports multifunctional devices at customers’ locations within an assigned territory. Additional responsibilities include basic connectivity, maintaining parts inventory, meter collection, and escalating unresolved issues. Responsibilities:assigned territory without customer complaints within the company's response time.total equipment maintenance procedures on every call.proper usage of parts, tools, test equipment, and storage procedures.equipment with minimal recalls or delays.a consistent work schedule.the purchase of maintenance contracts and accessories and pursue sales leads.other technicians with troubleshooting and preventative maintenance procedures.in training and self-study programs to gain and maintain appropriate product knowledge.equipment installation according to schedule.with customers, dispatch personnel, and service manager to resolve problems expediently.required paperwork in an accurate and timely manner.accurate billing for contracts and/or services rendered. Required Education and Experience:degree in electronics or similar.certification or equivalent.skill in troubleshooting and repair of assigned equipment.months experience as a Field Service Technicianservicing copiers and printers.Lexmark, HP, and Konica MinoltaNetworkinginstalling copiers and printers on network systems in the field.operating systems (preferred)operating systems (preferred) Additional skills required:customer service skills.of network systems and troubleshooting.verbal and written communication skills.to diagnose and troubleshoot methodically and efficiently.to manage multiple tasks with frequent interruptions, occasionally in urgent situations. Work Environmentin areas that require attention to detail in a varied environment.spend long hours sitting or standing.physical effort is required, which may involve bending, reaching, stretching, or similar activities, as well as lifting or moving items weighing up to 60 pounds.walking, standing, and crouching.local driving to customer sites. Special Requirementsdescription presents the significant responsibilities required for this job title. Individual positions may require the performance of additional duties as assigned.complete required courses for technicians as specified.driver’s license, reliable transportation, and appropriate insurance are required. Company Benefits:competitive commission structure.benefits program that includes medical, dental, life insurance, and disability.+ matching.PTO.opportunities.opportunities. We are an equal-opportunity employer committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome and encourage applications from candidates of all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives, as we believe diversity fuels innovation and drives our collective success. Join us in building a workplace that values and respects the differences that make us stronger together.