Title: Room Attendant/ Housekeeping
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description Summary The Room Attendant (RA) works with the Housekeeping Management Team to clean guest rooms and public space areas, and/or work in the commercial laundry facility, in accordance with brand time, product and placement standards to ensure total guest satisfaction. Job Description DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Deliver on the promise of Sonesta Service in all interactions with guests and clients according to the Sonesta G.U.E.S.T. standards. Respond to guest complaints, special requests and ensure corrective action is taken to achieve complete guest satisfaction.Clean and service assigned rooms or areas according to established standards and procedures including making beds, dusting, vacuuming, cleaning and sanitizing bathrooms, removing trash, etc. May include cleaning the kitchen area, room refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, dishware, etc.Notify supervisor when service is completed so rooms may be sold or occupied. Report any room unable to be serviced to supervisor according to established procedures.When assigned to laundry, monitor laundry supplies and equipment to ensure they are sufficient and in working order. Operate washers and dryers according to hotel standards and manufacturers’ guidelines. Receive soiled linens and inspect for damaged or stained items. Fold and store clean linens, report damages to supervisor.Minimize waste of supplies and amenities within all areas of housekeeping.May regularly assist with deep cleaning projects.Report needed repairs or unsafe conditions to supervisor.Handle all lost and found items according to established procedures.Promote teamwork and quality service through daily communication and coordination with other shifts and departmental management.Ensure compliance with federal, state and local laws regarding health and safety services.Perform other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS: Some previous housekeeping experience preferred.Previous background from the extended stay industry preferred.Ability to speak, read, and write fluent English is preferred; other languages beneficial.Basic reading, writing and mathematical abilities are preferred.Frequently standing up, bending, climbing, kneeling, and moving about the facility.Carrying, lifting or pulling items weighing up to 75 pounds.Will be required to regularly use commercial cleaning chemicals.Will be required to work mornings, evening, weekends, and holidays. Additional Job Information/Anticipated Pay Range Benefits Sonesta recognizes that benefits play a vital role in helping ensure the health and financial security of employees and their families. We offer a variety of benefits to our employees including: Medical, Dental and Vision InsuranceHealth Savings Account with Company Match401(k) Retirement Plan with Company MatchPaid Vacation and Sick DaysSonesta Hotel DiscountsEducational AssistancePaid Parental LeaveCompany Paid Life InsuranceCompany Paid Short Term and Long Term Disability InsuranceVarious Employee Perks and Discounts Upon submitting your application, please ensure you complete a full application in addition to attaching a resume. Incomplete applications received will not be considered.