Title: Logistics Analyst(Mid-Level)
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Are you looking to elevate your cyber career? Your technical skills? Your opportunity for growth? Deloitte's Government and Public Services Cyber Practice (GPS Cyber Practice) is the place for you! Our GPS Cyber Practice helps organizations create a cyber minded culture and become stronger, faster, and more innovative. You will become part of a team that advises, implements, and manages solutions across five verticals: Strategy, Defense and Response; Identity; Infrastructure; Data; and Application Security. Our dynamic team offers opportunities to work with cutting-edge cyber security tools, and grow both vertically and horizontally at an accelerated rate. Join our cyber team and elevate your career. Work you'll do : Provide logistics support to integrate cyber systems and develop and utilize engineering technical services to obtain systems engineering support. Conduct logistics planning and process activities associated with life cycle sustainment of operational capabilities and mission systems. Responsible for the entire acquisition life cycle of a product and will streamline operations and evaluate assets in order to achieve client overall mission and goals The team Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of more than 15,000 professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise. At Deloitte, we believe cyber is about starting things-not stopping them-and enabling the freedom to create a more secure future. Our Cyber Application Security team advises federal clients on integrating security activities throughout the software development lifecycle to enable the design, build, and deployment of secure applications. Our team focuses on concept and requirements, design and development, verification, production and maintenance, and retirement. If you're seeking a career in vulnerability management, quality assurance, or GRC tools, then Application Security at Deloitte is the offering for you. Qualifications Requirements BA/BS or MA/MS degreeMust be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the futureActive Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility required3 to 10 years supporting hardware and software acquisition lifecycle support.