Title: Bakery Manager - Liberty Lake, WA - 2248
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Position Purpose: Exemplifies and ensures strong customer service in all aspects of the job. Directs and controls the operation of the Bakery Department to achieve sales and profit objectives. Key Responsibilities & Accountabilities: Champions corporate and division customer service programs to meet or exceed division customer service goals. Plans, organizes and directs day-to-day operations of the Bakery Department, exercising independent judgment and discretion. Conducts daily inspections of all Bakery department sections and initiates corrective measures to ensure compliance with product quality, code date standards, sanitation, safety and security requirements. Oversees and assists with all bakery department duties such as: proofing, baking, decorating, slicing and packaging fresh bakery products. Implements effective promotional and seasonal displays. Prevents shrink and controls expenses. Accurately completes maintains and monitor daily log sheet, purchase report, and sales and labor and other required paperwork and logs. Maintain records on ad item movement. Orders, checks, receives and controls inventory to ensure adequate product quantity, quality and freshness and maintains inventory levels according to Division directives. Stocks and rotates product. Maintains and organizes bakery department cooler and freezer. Conducts periodic inventories, processes administrative paperwork and maintains accurate department records. Ensures that bakery product quality, baking and decorating standards are met. Ensures proper merchandising of product by understanding and implementing schematics, merchandising of advertised items, proper signing procedures and monitoring product flow. Complies with retail labeling laws, federal and state regulations and Company policies. Follows Company policy in handling quick sale items. Complies with all federal, state and local health and food safety standards. Assists customers by taking and filling special orders. Makes product suggestions and engages in suggestive selling. Makes intercom announcements. Ensures cleanliness and sanitation of sales floor and work area, freezer and cooler, equipment, and retail cases. Handles customer relations. Engages in suggestive selling and other sales techniques. Monitors daily log sheet, purchase report and sales and labor report. Attends required training and sales meetings. Implements emergency procedures in the event of equipment and computer software malfunctions. Supervises, motivates, directs, trains and participates in the hiring of Bakery Department personnel. Monitors associate performance and effectively recommends personnel action to store director such as hiring, firing, layoff and disciplinary action. Identifies and trains associates with high potential for advancement opportunities. Schedules personnel to ensure adequate coverage and service levels. Communicates sales goals, department performance and sales opportunities to department associates to ensure positive results. Complies with and ensures compliance with all Company policies and procedures. Resolves associate complaints where appropriate and reports action taken to Store Director. Immediately reports any potential serious policy violations, for matters including but not limited to working off the clock, harassment, food safety and sanitation, discrimination etc. to the Store Director and assists in appropriate handling. Identifies and trains associates with high potential for advancement opportunities. Answers and responds to incoming calls appropriately. Receive and appropriately resolves customer complaints and reports to the Store Director as appropriate. Attends required training and sales meetings. Responsible for performing all job duties with honesty and integrity and in compliance with Company policies and procedures. Skills and Physical Requirements: Requires working knowledge of all job duties including Cake Decorator, Baker, and Sales Associate, and performs those job duties as required. Requires strong communication skills, good leadership and interpersonal skills, the proven ability to manage people, and the ability to maintain professional demeanor in dealing with customers and co-workers. Must have knowledge of product variety, bakery standards, perishability, food safety, safety and sanitation procedures and department policies and procedures. Operates computer software and electronic ordering devices to order and label product, plan sales, inventory and scheduling. Requires a good understanding of overall Company practices and Bakery Department policies and procedures. Requires the ability to judge and react to business activity. Must frequently reach, lift and maneuver objects of varying dimensions and weights up to approximately 40 pounds. Pushes and pulls fully loaded hand trucks and pallet jacks. Performs repetitious arm movement required to decorate, prepare and package product. Must stand for long periods of time, walk, bend, stoop, twist and turn frequently and occasionally climb ladders. Manual dexterity and good eye-hand coordination are necessary. Must operate related equipment such as: oven, mixers, microwave oven, bread slicer, scales and proof boxes. Uses work aids such as knives, scrapers and decorating tools. Must use trash compactor and baler. Mental alertness is necessary to ensure safe and accurate completion of work activities. Requires knowledge of basic math and weights and measures. Requires strong communication skills, good leadership and interpersonal skills, the proven ability to manage people and maximize productivity. Must maintain professional demeanor in dealing with customers, vendors and co-workers. Requires basic knowledge of employment laws and workplace practices. Must have extensive working knowledge of profit and loss statements. Operates computer software and electronic ordering devices to order product, plan sales, inventory and scheduling. Requires the ability to judge and react to business activity. Complies with and ensure compliance with Company grooming standards and dress code. Utilizes cleaning supplies, including chemicals, and equipment. Hands are frequently exposed to water and cleaning agents. Requires use of plastic or latex gloves. Occasional travel, including overnight travel, may be required. May be required to work nights, weekends and holidays. Scheduled hours will vary. Good attendance is required. Union and Non-Union: The pay range is $16.38 to $24.40 per hour, but no less than the local minimum wage. Starting rates will vary based on things like location, experience, qualifications, and the terms of any applicable collective bargaining agreement. Dependent on length of service, hours worked and any applicable collective bargaining agreement, benefits include medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance, sick pay (accrued based on hours worked), PTO/Vacation pay (accrued based on hours worked), paid holidays (between 7-9 days annually), bereavement pay, and retirement benefits (pension and/or 401k eligibility).” Work Environment: Working conditions consist of a temperature controlled store environment. Frequent exposure to 400° F while baking products. Frequent exposure to -20° F while handling products in freezer. Frequent exposure to flour dust. Hands are frequently exposed to water and cleaning agents. Use of plastic or latex gloves. Safety – Sensitive Position: Job responsibilities include tasks or duties that could affect the safety or health of the employee performing the task or others. DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work performed by employees assigned to this job. If you have questions regarding your ability to physically perform the listed job duties and requirements – e.g. lifting, standing, bending, etc. - please speak to your Store Director. All team members must comply with Company, Division, and Store policies and applicable laws. The responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified may vary within each store and from store to store.