Title: Medical Support Specialist (MSS); BSN required
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: By clicking the "Apply" button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda's Privacy Notice and Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge. Job Description Please take this virtual tour to get a sneak peek of one of our Plasma Donation Centers. About BioLife Plasma Services Every day, the donors you meet will motivate you. The high-quality plasma you collect will become life-changing medicines. Here, a commitment to customer service and quality is expected. You will report to the Plasma Center Manager and will perform as a Medical Support Specialist (Plasma Center Nurse) to support plasma center operations. BioLife Plasma Services is a subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. About the role: Every day, the donors you meet will motivate you. The high-quality plasma you collect will become life-changing medicines. Here, a commitment to customer service and quality is expected. You will determine donor eligibility to donate plasma, management of donor adverse events, review of laboratory test results, and donor notification of unsuitable test results. The Medical Support Specialist (Plasma Center Nurse) works under the guidance of the Center Manager (or Assistant Manager as applicable) for operational guidance and under the management of the Center Physician for medical issues. The Medical Support Specialist will be familiar with regulations of the plasma collection industry or a manufacturing environment. The Medical Support Specialist follows guidance provided by BioLife Medical Affairs and provides center level support of environmental, health and safety (EHS). How you will contribute You will determine donor eligibility; to include, proper management of informed consent, AIDS education and confidential self-exclusion, medical history interview and acceptance requirements, physical examination, blood testing, and reviewing Serological Protein Electrophoresis (SPE). You will evaluate donor reaction(s), which occurs at the facility as outlined in the SOPs. Follow applicable SOPs for medical emergencies including the development of Center Physician's standing orders and donor transport to emergency care facilities. You will refer to the Center Physician or Medical Affairs (as applicable) when in need of providing unacceptable findings to donors, or guidance concerning medical or technical issues, including donor safety and eligibility. You will support the Hepatitis B and Seasonal Flu vaccination programs for employees as applicable. You will manage employee incidents and determine whether further evaluation is required by occupational health/ER. Refer to EHS guidance regarding employee incidents. You can be a Pandemic Coordinator when authorized by EHS and support investigations associated with pandemic threats within the local community as indicated by EHS or Medical Affairs. What you bring to Takeda: High school diploma or equivalent to including graduate equivalent of a recognized educational nursing program with state requirements Currently licensed or certified in the state where responsibilities will be assigned: Registered Nurse (RN), Nurse Practitioner (NP) or Physician Assistant (PA)Current Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) and AED certification Fulfill state requirements (in state of licensure) for basic IV therapy Satisfactorily complete the FDA approved training requirements for BioLife Medical Support Specialist Two years in a clinical or hospital setting What Takeda can offer you: Every day at Takeda, we feel good knowing that what we do helps improve the lives of patients with rare diseases. At BioLife, while you focus on our donors, we will support you. We offer a purpose you can believe in, a team you can count on, opportunities for career growth, and a comprehensive benefits program to include medical/dental, paid time off and retirement benefits, all in a fast-paced, friendly environment. More about us: At Takeda, we are transforming patient care through the development of novel specialty pharmaceuticals and best in class patient support programs. Takeda is a patient-focused company that will inspire and empower you to grow through life-changing work. Certified as a Global Top Employer, Takeda offers stimulating careers, encourages innovation, and strives for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our teams are united by an unwavering commitment to bring Better Health and a Brighter Future to people around the world. BioLife Compensation And Benefits Summary We understand compensation is an important factor as you consider the next step in your career. We are committed to equitable pay for all employees, and we strive to be more transparent with our pay practices. For Location: USA - MD - Towson U.S. Hourly Wage Range $33.08 - $45.48 The estimated hourly wage range reflects an anticipated range for this position. The actual hourly wage offered may depend on a variety of factors, including the qualifications of the individual applicant for the position, years of relevant experience, specific and unique skills, level of education attained, certifications or other professional licenses held, and the location in which the applicant lives and/or from which they will be performing the job. The actual hourly wage offered will be in accordance with state or local minimum wage requirements for the job location. U.S. based employees may be eligible for short-term incentives. U.S. based employees may be eligible to participate in medical, dental, vision insurance, a 401(k) plan and company match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, a tuition reimbursement program, paid volunteer time off, company holidays, and well-being benefits, among others. U.S. based employees are also eligible to receive, per calendar year, up to 80 hours of sick time, and new hires are eligible to accrue up to 120 hours of paid vacation. EEO Statement Takeda is proud in its commitment to creating a diverse workforce and providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, parental status, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, genetic information or characteristics, marital status, status as a Vietnam era veteran, special disabled veteran, or other protected veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, and any other characteristic protected by law. Locations USA - MD - Towson Worker Type Employee Worker Sub-Type Regular Time Type Full time R0121318