Title: PHP Developer -Washington DC
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Company: Cogent Communications is a global, Tier 1 facilities-based ISP, consistently ranked as one of the top five networks in the world and is publicly traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the ticker symbol CCOI. Cogent specializes in providing businesses with high speed Internet access and Ethernet transport services. Cogent's facilities-based, all-optical IP network backbone provides IP services globally. Since its inception, Cogent has unleashed the benefits of IP technology, building one of the largest and highest capacity IP networks in the world. This network enables Cogent to offer large bandwidth connections at highly competitive prices. Cogent also offers superior customer support by virtue of its end-to-end control of service delivery and network monitoring. A competitive base salary and a full benefits package including; Health, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off ( PTO), Short- and Long-Term Disability, Life Insurance, Holidays, Parental Leave, 401 ( k) plan with employer match, stock options, and an Employee Assistance Program. Most benefits take effect within 30 days of employment, and some require a waiting period. Job Summary: The PHP Developer will assist in the design, development and maintenance of a several in-house business applications to support Corporate Sales, Operations and Finance as well as other departments. Under the guidance of the technical lead, the developer will work with application stakeholders to gather requirements, produce proofs-of-concept, obtain feedback, and complete the development, testing and implementation of the applications. This developer will also assist in maintaining some existing PHP and Java applications Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Analyze technology/capability gaps, research, develop, and deploy software solutionsWork with project leads to define sprints and associated deliverablesCollaborate with other developers to design and optimize codeConduct integration, test, bug fixes, and other software maintenance activitiesPerforming requirements analysis and proof of concept or prototyping as needed for engineering and design of corporate applicationsSupporting applications in O&M status by providing enhancements and bug fixes as neededCoding, testing, and debugging new software or enhancements to existing softwareDeveloping user interfaces and applications by setting expectations and feature priorities throughout the development life cycle, determining design methodologies and tool sets, completing programming using languages and software products, and designing and conducting testsIntegration of platforms leveraging APIsAssist in the creation of technical documentation and user guides in support of developed software Qualifications: 3+ years of PHP web development experience.2+ years of experience with the Laravel Framework2+ years of full-time experience with MySQL and/or MSSQLProficiency with HTML/CSS/JavaScript.Experience in all phases of SDLC, OO analysis and design, and revision control systems.Ability to converse with end-users, gather requirements, and provide feedback in plain non-technical EnglishAbility to structure a software project ( UI / API / DB) Ability to write clear, concise, and accurate technical documentation At least 2 years of Computer Science college education or similar studies Outstanding customer service and time management skillsStrong interpersonal, communication and organizational skillsCapable of writing and presenting detailed documentation Physical Requirements: Frequently remains in a sitting/stationary position during the workday.Operates a computer and performs desk-based computer tasks continually, frequently viewing a computer screen. COVID-19 Policy: Cogent has adopted a mandatory vaccination and booster policy which requires all U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated with one booster against COVID-19. Prior to beginning employment, new employees must provide proof of vaccination or apply for and receive an accommodation to be exempt from the policy. By submitting an application or resume for this position, I understand that is an in-office position and agree to abide Cogent’s mandatory vaccination policy. To apply for the PHP Developer position, please submit your resume and cover letter to careers@cogentco.com. Cogent Communications is an Equal Opportunity Employer.