Title: Oil & Lube Technician
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Store 4701817: 465 S Weber Rd, Bolingbrook, Illinois 60490 Availability - Shift/Days Flexible Availability Essential Duties And Responsibilities Drain and change oil in vehicles, following all safe-handling procedures to correctly dispose off used motor oil.Top off fluids in vehicle engines.Inspect vehicles to determine maintenance and repair needs. This includes checking fluid levels, air filters, tire air pressure, and wiper blades.Operate all tools in a safe manner.Performs other duties and responsibilities as assigned. Required Knowledge, Skills And Abilities Someone who is caring and takes pride in their craft.Has an amazing attitude and creates a fun and safe environment.Quality… Quality... Quality… It starts with you and ends with the customer returning.Ability to follow instructions.Valid unexpired Driver’s License is required.Ability to drive a stick shift is a plus.Ability to anticipat We want you to join our team as a Subway Sandwich Artist. If you have the desire to be challenged, work in a fast-paced, fun environment and to grow your career - look no further. As a Subway Sandwich Artist, you will enjoy: Flexible schedules Large, stable employer Career Advancement opportunities Task variety Night shift premium Your key responsibilities: A Sandwich Artist greets and serves guests, prepares food, maintains food safety and sanitation standards, and handles or processes light paperwork. Exceptional customer service is a major component of this position. You will interact with many customers daily, all while working in a fun, energetic environment accomplishing daily tasks around the store! You are good at: Customer Service / people interaction Communication and friendly conversation Performing at a quick pace while having fun Working both independently, or as part of a team to accomplish daily goals Understanding and implementing written and verbal instruction. Operating a computerized Point of Sale system/cash register. Great if you have: Food Service experience Motivation to advance in your career! Willingness to learn and have fun! Requirements: Physical requirements such as bending, standing, walking the entire workday, and ability to lift 10 pounds frequently and up to 30 pounds occasionally Must be able to work any area of the restaurant when needed Circle K values diversity in the workplace and encourages applications from the following designated groups: women, aboriginal peoples, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities. We are committed to providing employment accommodation in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act. Accommodations are available on request in all aspects of the selection process. R367722