Title: Organizational Change Manager - Training Emphasis
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Position Description This candidate will leverage experience and proven methodologies to design and lead change management strategy and plans to enable the people side of change, minimizing project risk and maximizing project success. The candidate will lead initiatives to produce and maintain high quality training. This role is based in the United States (location flexible) with preference to Pittsburgh, Denver, Columbus, Atlanta, Boston, and Washington DC. Your future duties and responsibilities Design, develop and deliver OCM focused advisory to a broad range of new and existing clients across our commercial and state government sector; counsel clients on a wide range of topics including OCM, enabling change, strategic culture and change management frameworks, methodologies, approaches and innovative ways to inspire change in a constantly shifting environment. Advance and adapt change management frameworks for projects and CGI's service offering portfolio Actively give input, support and advance your team / cluster / business unit with change management and transformation Independently formulate innovative change strategies and create change architectures for client transformation programs Collaborates with the project teams to define course structure, content, and instructional delivery method to produce and maintain high quality training Assess training needs and identify potential training gaps/issues and work with stakeholders to resolve Create curriculum and training materials Required Qualifications To Be Successful In This Role As change management becomes more complex and cross-functional, the skills effective change managers need to possess are growing. This includes a mix of technical and soft skills such as: PROSCI certification Agile background or understanding of Agile Methodologies Good understanding of change management principles, methodologies, techniques & tools. Experience working as a Change Lead on Technical Projects, especially data-centric projects Experience in the development, design, facilitation, and implementation of professional training programs for adults Previous experience with Learning Management Systems and authoring computer-based trainings preferred Experience working in healthcare industry Think, plan and act both strategically and tactically. Summarize detailed information for an executive audience. Effective facilitation and influencing skills. Strong stakeholder management skills. Conflict resolution and negotiation skills. Good listening and communications skills. Strong business and technical acumen. Project management and planning skills. Analytical mindset and critical thinking. Able to cope with pressure. Good problem-solving skills. Team player & able to collaborate with others. CGI is required by law in some jurisdictions to include a reasonable estimate of the compensation range for this role. The determination of this range includes various factors not limited to skill set, level, experience, relevant training, and licensure and certifications. To support the ability to reward for merit-based performance, CGI typically does not hire individuals at or near the top of the range for their role. Compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. A reasonable estimate of the current range for this role in the U.S. is $119,500-$230,100. CGI anticipates accepting applications for this position through 06/04/2024. At CGI we call our professionals “members” to reinforce that all who join our team are, as owners, empowered to participate in the challenges and rewards that come from building a world-class company. CGI’s benefits include: Competitive base salaries Eligibility to participate in an attractive Share Purchase Plan (SPP) in which the company matches dollar-for-dollar contributions made by eligible employees, up to a maximum, for their job category 401(k) Plan and Profit Participation for eligible members Generous holidays, vacation, and sick leave plans Comprehensive insurance plans that include, among other benefits, medical, dental, vision, life, disability, out-of-county emergency coverage in all countries of employment; Back-up child care, Pet insurance, a Member Assistance Program, a 529 college savings program, a personal financial management tool, lifestyle management programs and more Insights you can act on While technology is at the heart of our clients’ digital transformation, we understand that people are at the heart of business success. When you join CGI, you become a trusted advisor, collaborating with colleagues and clients to bring forward actionable insights that deliver meaningful and sustainable outcomes. We call our employees “members” because they are CGI shareholders and owners and owners who enjoy working and growing together to build a company we are proud of. This has been our Dream since 1976, and it has brought us to where we are today — one of the world’s largest independent providers of IT and business consulting services. At CGI, we recognize the richness that diversity brings. We strive to create a work culture where all belong and collaborate with clients in building more inclusive communities. As an equal-opportunity employer, we want to empower all our members to succeed and grow. If you require an accommodation at any point during the recruitment process, please let us know. We will be happy to assist. Ready to become part of our success story? Join CGI — where your ideas and actions make a difference. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, pregnancy, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, height, weight, or any other legally protected status or characteristics. CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the Position ID of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a Position ID will not be returned. We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members. All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held. CGI will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrests and conviction records in accordance with all local regulations and ordinances. CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI’s legal duty to furnish information.