Title: Science Teacher
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Description Position Summary: Our campus has an immediate opening for a Science Teacher. This position provides a student centered, supportive classroom that promotes compassion and tolerance, emotional security, resourcefulness, and independent critical thinking while addressing the individual academic and emotional needs of each student through Fusion's differentiated approach. This is an on-campus teaching position, please only apply if you can commute to campus each day. Pay Rate: $32.10 Key Responsibilities Include As a Teacher provide a one-to-one teaching experience in the areas of Math , Biology, Chemistry, and Physics at grade levels 6-12. Show evidence of adapting and differentiated instruction for all students and a classroom forum for holistic growth. Maintain complete and accurate student and teacher records. Develop and maintain genuine, positive and consistent parent and teacher communication. Contribute to and benefit from the campus community. Practice professionalism through ongoing professional development, reflection and continuous improvement. In addition to subject matter tutoring and teaching, this position includes significant student mentoring. Other duties as assigned. (i.e. Tutor part time students) Qualifications Required A minimum of a Bachelor's Degree is required for consideration, as well as a higher level Science background. Solid subject matter knowledge in a majority of these areas: Biology, Chemistry, and Physics at grade levels 6-12. Teaching credentials are a plus but are not mandatory. Experience with students with learning differences and ADHD is a plus as well as mentoring experience. The ideal candidate is outgoing, well organized, competent in basic computer skills, and is an individual who is eager to work in a highly dynamic, energetic school setting. Candidate must be prepared to teach and tutor material at a high school level immediately. Competencies Desired Expertise in the relevant subject area. Understand learning differences and emotional difficulties. Ability to mentor as a positive role model. Understand and support each student's Formal Education Plan (FEP). Commitment to continuous improvement. Self-directed, proactive, intelligent, knowledge of curriculum and assessment, multi-tasker, problem solving skills, professional written and verbal communication skills, ability to connect with students with patience and compassion. Ability to manage stress, and self-regulate during chaos and crisis, consistently positive attitude, strong teamwork, passionate, genuine, organized, internally motivated, service orientation, ability to reserve judgment and respond with curiosity and compassion. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality or sex. Position Requirements Plese see above requirements. About the Organization Fusion Academy is a revolutionary alternative, accredited private school for grades 6-12 that offers a fully individualized classroom: one student, one teacher. As the nationwide leader in one to one schooling, Fusion Academy has campuses throughout the country. Every student at Fusion is unique - some students are accelerated learners; some need flexible scheduling; and others have special learning needs due to attention challenges, learning differences, or social and emotional difficulties. No matter why students come to Fusion, our model is simple - through compassion and acceptance, Fusion students learn on their terms, on their schedule, and in their learning style. Our model is a unique academic program offering services year-round on a rolling admissions basis. Our environment is highly personal and socially inclusive. Equal emphasis is placed on students' emotional well-being as it is on academic achievements. In addition to full time enrollment, students at Fusion Academy may take a class for credit or enroll in our tutoring/mentoring program. The Fusion culture offers a special place to work, teach, and learn. Fusionites are a special brand of educators--they are creative, passionate, embrace change, and have fun! They communicate honestly and with compassion to both students and colleagues. People join the Fusion family for more than just a paycheck; they seek to work with peers who share these values. And because Fusion is growing rapidly, we offer considerable opportunity for career advancement throughout the country.