Title: Retail Sales Associate
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: When you join Verizon Verizon is one of the world's leading providers of technology and communications services, transforming the way we connect around the world. We're a human network that reaches across the globe and works behind the scenes. We anticipate, lead, and believe that listening is where learning begins. In crisis and in celebration, we come together-lifting up our communities and striving to make an impact to move the world forward. If you're fueled by purpose, and powered by persistence, explore a career with us. Here, you'll discover the rigor it takes to make a difference and the fulfillment that comes with living the #NetworkLife. What you'll be doing... As a full-time Verizon Retail Sales Associate, you'll have the opportunity to grow your career with a team focused on unlocking your full potential and sales success within one of our retail stores. Here's what you can expect:Generate retail sales by using your passion for cutting-edge technology, and exceptional customer service to expand the Verizon network. Learn and uncover customers' needs by creating connections and asking the right questions. Position product insights and solution recommendations to provide customers with a complete top-down sales solution. Close sales by using phenomenal communication skills to fulfill customer needs with simple and intuitive tech solutions. Continuously develop yourself through ongoing training and up-skill in operational functions across merchandising and inventory. Potential to grow your customer base by placing outbound calls and sending text messages to current Verizon customers who are interested in our products and services. Opportunities to engage with the community outside of the store to expand your loyal customer base, including at off-site Verizon sponsored events. We're hiring immediately and this isn't your average entry-level position! Whether you're early in your career or a seasoned sales professional, join today and earn from $49,000 to $59,000 a year, which includes base pay and target individual-based commission. Planning to go above and beyond? Our commission program allows unlimited opportunity which could allow top earners to make an extra $10,000 or more per year in addition to the compensation range quoted earlier. Compensation varies by geography and performance. Our comprehensive benefits (starting day one) and perks are designed to help you move forward in your career and in your life outside of Verizon. From health and well-being benefits to investment in your education and career, we've got you covered! Best in class medical, dental, and vision Verizon 401(k) plan with matching contributions up to 6% of eligible participant contributions to the plan, qualified student loan repayments, or a combination of both (effective January 1, 2024) $2,500 stock grant per year, part of Verizon's Stock Together award program Sales recognition programs that have, in the past, awarded top performers with all inclusive travel to domestic and international destinations, gifts, and other incentives Five weeks of paid time off (vacation, holidays, personal days) 8 weeks of paid parental leave for eligible new parents (for new moms, when paired with short-term disability, this benefit provides up to 16 weeks of paid time-off) Up to $8K per year in tuition assistance Discounts up to 50% off on Verizon products and services Additional employee discounts on attractions, automotive, travel and more. Too good to be true? Hear from our Verizon Retail Team Members on what it's like to be part of a team that invests in you. From our in-person new hire experience and award-winning training programs to our inclusive culture of learning and amazing benefits, you'll be able to apply your skills while elevating your career. What we're looking for... You'll need to have:High school diploma or GED. One or more years of work experience. Willingness to work evenings, weekends, and holidays (you'll know your schedule four weeks in advance). Openness to pick up additional shifts and earn more income, typically during the summer months, November through December, and/or during peak vacation periods. Even better if you have one or more of the following:Experience working in a commission-based environment. Demonstrated sales experience communicating with customers to find solutions. Customer service experience. If Verizon and this role sound like a fit for you, we encourage you to apply even if you don't meet every "even better" qualification listed above. After you apply... You may be required to take an assessment. It takes about 20 minutes to complete. If you're selected to move forward, one of our recruiters will reach out to tell you more about the role and answer your questions. Where you'll be working In this worksite-based role, you'll work onsite at a defined location(s). Scheduled Weekly Hours 40 Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our diversity and inclusion page to learn more.