Title: Assistant City Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: The City of Traverse City is a vibrant and community-oriented municipality committed to enhancing the quality of life for our residents. We prioritize collaboration, transparency, and innovative solutions to address the needs of our diverse and growing city. As a key figure in our city’s administration, the Assistant City Manager will lead the City Manager’s Office and step into the role of acting city manager when needed. We are looking for a leader with exceptional communication skills, capable of navigating complex challenges and fostering collaboration to find effective solutions. The ideal candidate is an experienced individual in providing administrative and managerial assistance and support to the City Manager. This position serves as the point of contact for the City Manager’s Office triaging, prioritizing, and providing assistance or information as needed to department heads and outside agencies. Please review the full job description for additional information. https://www.traversecitymi.gov/userfiles/filemanager/6xafzdl4b6zdl0car2… Competitive Compensation: The full salary range is $106,317.62 - $140,000.00 Comprehensive Benefits: Enjoy a robust benefits package, including a defined benefit pension, deferred 457 retirement program, health insurance, dental & vision insurance, 12 paid holidays, various paid time off banks, and more. Required Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Minimum Qualifications: The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, abilities and minimum qualifications necessary to perform the essential functions of the position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the job. Education, Training and Experience:  Bachelor’s degree in public administration or related field. Master’s degree preferred.  Bring five or more years of local government experience, as a department head or within a government management office. Licensing and Other Requirements:  Reside within 30 miles of the nearest city limit within twelve months of hire. Be prepared for evening and/or weekend meetings Skills and Abilities to:  Develop, implement, and maintain procedures to enhance efficiency across departments.  Perform extensive research, compile complex data, and prepare accurate records and reports, including financial analysis.  Capable of fostering productive working relationships with the public, business and community interests, elected officials, fellow employees, and various stakeholders. Posting is open until filled. Applications will be reviewed weekly.