Title: Mapleton Intensive Girls - BH/MH Residential- Direct Support Professional
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Do you want to make a positive change in the lives of children & youth? Are you a team player who can implement behavior management strategies to improve the lives of others? At Devereux as a Direct Support Professional you will have the opportunity to work with children ages 8-21 with IDD/BH/MH diagnoses and will impact the individuals you are working with by unlocking their full potential on a daily basis. The Mapleton Intensive Program serves biological females, ages 12 to 16 at the time of admission. The program is inclusive for all youth with respect to sexual orientation and gender identity. The focus of the Mapleton program is to create an environment which promotes strength, recovery and resilience by addressing a variety of complex emotional and behavioral challenges. Youth in this program have been challenged by a lack of intact family support or underdeveloped supportive kinship networks. The youth have frequently had multiple psychiatric hospitalizations and repeated contacts with mental health, child welfare and juvenile justice systems. The youth require intensive supports to help them maximize successes. The Mapleton Intensive Program is designed to meet the needs of these youth with staff and a clinical team who are skilled in the navigation of complex family situations and in working with youth and stakeholders to develop kinship networks. From a behavioral perspective, the youth in this program have skill deficits in impulse control, emotion regulation and an inability to perform age-appropriate developmental skills secondary to either direct or vicarious traumatization. This traumatization has often compromised their resilience and resulted in feelings of emptiness, fear, abandonment, impulsivity, emotion dysregulation, and self-destructive behaviors. These traits lead to multiple life consequences such as challenges in school, family conflict, dependency or delinquent court involvement, absence of a healthy peer group, lack of vocational and life skills, and a history of unsuccessful placements. #Sponsored Every day as a Direct Support Professional you will… Ensure the individuals you are working with are safe Engage in daily activities such as ADL’s, Recreational, and Social Activities with individuals Address and redirect inappropriate behavior of individuals you are working with Implement treatment plan goals and objectives You Will Be Offered Opportunities to learn and grow in the behavioral health and human services fields. Fun, fast-paced supportive environment where you can participate in the treatment planning process. ASCEND- Career Accelerator Program Paid Training and Professional Development BENEFIT ELIGIBILITY AFTER 30 DAYS OF EMPLOYMENT (learn more at MyDeverurexBenefits.org ) [1st day of the 1st pay period after 30 days] Available Shift: 7am - 3pm | 3pm - 11pm | 11pm - 7am Schedule: One Scheduled Day Off During The Week, Every Other Weekend Compensation: $20 - $23.05/hr (based on experience and education) Sign On Bonus: FT=$1,000/PT=$500 (sign on bonus for external applicants only) Devereux Pennsylvania Children’s Services (DPACS) center serves children, adolescents and young adults with autism spectrum disorders, intellectual and developmental disabilities, behavioral, emotional and psychiatric challenges and disorders. Located in West Chester and Malvern Pennsylvania, services provided include psychiatric residential treatment (PRTF), residential treatment (RTF), acute inpatient psychiatric hospital (AIP), assessment services, community-based mental health services, community-based employment training and social skills training, and approved private school educational services to male and female children and adolescents (6-21 years of age) with diagnoses of intellectual disabilities, autism spectrum disorders, concomitant psychiatric and behavioral challenges often associated with experiencing some level of trauma in their lives. Qualifications EDUCATION: High School Diploma Required, Education Evaluation required if education was acquired outside the U.S. EXPERIENCE: Some experience in behavioral health preferred. Devereux has a zero-tolerance policy for abuse and maintains policies and procedures to systematically reduce the risk of abuse to occur in our organization. Devereux fosters a culture of reporting abuse, and will cooperate with the authorities to the fullest extent possible.