Title: Key Account Executive
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Position Summary In this role you will be expected to work with our team of sales professionals selling maintenance and repair products to larger customers in industrial, automotive, fleet, manufacturing, production, mining, oil & gas, and governmental industries. Description DESCRIPTION Company Kimball Midwest is a national distributor of over 55,000 products for Maintenance, Repair and Operations (MRO). Established in 1923, we are a major force in the industrial maintenance marketplace. We provide value-added products to customers in every field of commerce and industry through our distribution centers in Ohio, Georgia, Texas and Nevada. Our mission as a company is to develop a “partnership in performance” with each employee and customer to identify and satisfy their needs through the development of superior products and programs. As a result, Kimball Midwest’s sales growth has been very dynamic, increasing from $1 million in 1983 to nearly $400 million today. At Kimball Midwest, we recognize that our past and future success is directly related to the quality of our people. Through careful selection, we identify individuals who possess the ability, desire and dedication to grow with us. Responsibilities At Kimball Midwest, we pride ourselves on our ability to partner with our customers to achieve total maintenance, repair & operations solutions. Key Account Executives focus on obtaining larger accounts or multi-location accounts by performing presentations, customer surveys, cost analysis, as well as partnering with local sales representatives. Kimball Midwest Key Account Executives have a full understanding of the company's product line, processes, and selling programs. They partner with local sales representatives, sales managers, and work independently to grow business through new account acquisition and account penetration. QUALIFICATIONS Minimum of 5 years of successful Outside Sales, Key Account, Business Development or Sales Management experience in the Industrial or MRO marketplace calling on larger customers.Experience selling to all levels of an organization from their front-line employees to their CEO.Candidates must possess a high level of motivation.Strong planning and negotiation skills.The ability to adhere to and fully support all company policies and procedures including all sales programs.The ability and desire to be in the field to assist with customer conversions and visiting accounts to ensure the happiness of the customer.Strong understanding of the products that supply the MRO marketplace.Key Account Representative will be required to learn our sales programs.Candidates must have relationships in broad major metro area.Experience with closing contractual and MMS Sales.Salary-plus pay structure Additional Information Kimball Midwest offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life, disability insurance, 401K and a deferred compensation plan. Kimball Midwest is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). We Participate in E-Verify. Participamos en E-Verify.