Title: Medical Lab Technician/Technician (ASCP)
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description Connected Health Care has been engaged by our client to recruit a Medical Technologist/Medical Lab Technician to join their growing team near Delta, CO. The team at this facility is friendly, pioneering, and above all, compassionate and the hospital focuses a great deal on their employees’ happiness and well-being. So, if you're a lab professional looking to take the next step in your career with a great organization, this opportunity is for you! This role comes with a generous annual salary of $90,000.00 and an excellent benefits package. In your first few weeks in this Medical Lab Technician role, you can expect to: Perform clinical laboratory assays in one or more of the technical disciplinesCorrectly receive specimens, print labels, and enter and verify patient data without errorsEnsure that assay results are reported in a timely, legible, and meaningful format with appropriate reference values and interpretive commentsEnsure that test selection and reference ranges are age-appropriatePerform quality control activities appropriate to each assay performed and respond appropriately to outlier resultsParticipate in proficiency testing activities in each applicable technical area. To apply, you must be able to accurately produce test results and evaluate variances and be capable of consistent, independent judgment under fluctuating workload pressure. You must possess the qualities of integrity and good judgment. In addition, you should maintain good physical and emotional well-being and maintain the values agreed to in the Patients First Commitment. In return for your dedication, collaboration and commitment, you'll receive a generous salary of $90,000.00 and benefits package, joining a welcoming and inclusive culture. Don't hesitate to get in touch with our Connected Health Care team today to apply and register your interest in this full-time Medical Lab Technician/Technician (ASCP) position in Delta. We're looking forward to meeting you. Connected Health Care is a healthcare staffing agency specializing in travel nursing, travel allied health, and permanent placement. Our team of professional healthcare recruiters is focused on providing medical professionals with the most fulfilling career path, whether they’re traveling with us for a season or looking for a permanent place to call home. Navigating the world of recruiting is a complex task. Changes in people’s interests, the economy, and technology make every day different. What doesn’t change is our commitment to connecting inspired people with visionary companies.