Title: Senior Consultant
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Develop and maintain high quality client relations through sales, project management, and personnel management. Ensure that environmental projects are completed with technical accuracy in an easy to understand format for the client, agency, and/or internal resources. Ensure projects are completed on time and within budget and communicate directly to clients on these topics. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESMonitor, verify, and ensure the technical accuracy and quality of project related work.Guide staff in manner that allows for efficient progress and timely completion of consulting projects within the established budget.Coordinate efforts of project team to ensure timely completion of projects, invoicing review, and maintaining project budgets.Maintain business development relationships through sales calls and professional networking.Promote client stewardship by being attentive to the needs of existing clients and by encouraging consultants to look for business opportunities with clients.Develop sales proposals for existing and prospective clients.Identify new marketing opportunities and assist business development staff with appropriate literature development, communication, and follow-up.Attend and present papers at conferences, prepare regulatory updates, and present luncheon seminars.Communicate the decisions/goals of management so that staff can help adhere to company goals while meeting personal goals.Ensure proper utilization and billing of consulting staff.Monitor and evaluate employees' performance of goals and performance standards continuously. (The specific statements shown in each section of this description are not intended to be all-inclusive. They represent typical elements and criteria necessary to successfully perform the job.)SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIESDirectly supervises 1-3 employees in environmental consulting. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems. QUALIFICATIONSTo perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCEBachelor's degree (B. S.) in Chemical, Mechanical, Environmental/Civil Engineering, and or related Atmospheric/Environmental Science from four-year college or university; and at least three years related professional experience. Must have regulatory, industry, and technical knowledge relating to environmental permitting and compliance. Preferred in-depth experience in air dispersion modeling and/or stormwater permitting and compliance.. Must have experience leading a team to complete technical assessments for submittal to client or agency.Must have computer literacy, including basic programming word processing, spreadsheet skills, and knowledge of Microsoft office software package. LANGUAGE SKILLSAbility to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. MATHEMATICAL SKILLSAbility to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations. REASONING ABILITYAbility to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. PHYSICAL DEMANDSThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use their hands; and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. The employee is regularly required to work for long periods of time at a PC. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. WORK ENVIRONMENTThe work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts; high, precarious places; fumes or airborne particles; and toxic or caustic chemicals. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate