Title: Computing Reviews and Buying Guides Editor, TechRadar
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: TechRadar is a leading, global destination for expert technology product reviews, buying guides, analysis, how-tos, and news. We review, assess, and work out what's going on with the key categories and products our readers might want to buy, and we carefully explain what each gadget, service, or product is designed to do - and whether it delivers on that promise. TechRadar has a devoted, global audience that is as engaged in New York as it is in London. We're read by tech enthusiasts in California, Australia, and Mexico. People come to us to learn what's new, which products they'll be buying next, and what the major players are planning. We're now looking for a Computing Reviews and Buying Guides Editor to take TechRadar's product coverage to the next level. What You'll Be Doing... As Computing Reviews and Buying Guides Editor, you'll lead the commissioning and editing of all of TechRadar's computing reviews, and ensure our computing buying guides are always up to date and offering readers the very best recommendations. You'll use your industry contacts to call in and review computing hardware and peripherals, as well as writing, editing and updating buying guides and supporting content. But you won't do it all alone, of course - you'll also be assigning reviews and buying guide updates to other team members, and commissioning freelancers. Experience That Will Put You Ahead Of The Curve... Extensive knowledge of computing technology - from gaming laptops to desktop PCs and peripheralsKnowledge of both Windows and Mac OSExperience with reviewing computing productsExperience with commissioningExperience and facility in all forms of digital storytellingAn excellent editor, fast and pithy writer, and fantastic headline writerUnderstanding of SEO and evergreen content principlesExperience with one or more content management systems (CMS)Facility with web analyticsThe ability to work within a real-time environment and have strong social media capabilities and presence What's In It For You... We have a number of awesome perks available to our staff. We offer huge opportunities to learn and develop, whether through professional qualifications, exposure to incredible business projects or informal lunch & learns, hosted by your colleagues. We have a fantastic culture where we really do care about our people and want everyone to succeed. Varied roles mean you're not pigeonholed into one finite area but get the opportunity to develop a wide range of skills and experience. Additional benefits include health Insurance; ranging from medical to dental and even vision care, 401k match and monthly munchies, fresh fruit & snacks and coffee and tea on tap. And to top it all off, not only do we offer unlimited holiday because we trust you to manage your workload and time but we also offer a share in our success whereby every colleague is eligible to join our profit pool bonus scheme - if Future hits their performance targets all colleagues may receive a bonus. Internal job family level E5. Please note, the salary range for this position is $69,000 - $73,000. This is a Hybrid role from our New York Office, working three days from the office, two from home. This is a position covered under a collective bargaining agreement between Future US, Inc. and the Writers Guild of America East. Who are we... We're Future. We're 3000+ colleagues over 250+ brands speaking to 400 million people every month across the globe through websites, events and magazines. We've got ambitious plans that build on our growth momentum and unlock new opportunities and we're looking for talented people who want to be a part of it. Our Future, Our Responsibility - Inclusion and Diversity at Future We have a voice and we're going to use it. We promote diversity and inclusion not just in our recruitment processes, but everything we do. We're an equal opportunity employer and we will continue to ensure our recruitment process is free of bias and our workplaces are inclusive, positive, free of discrimination and respecting of all backgrounds and beliefs. Our culture is underpinned by our values and employees - current and future - are treated with respect and fairness. Find out more about Our Future, Our Responsibility on our website.