Title: Department Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Create a healthier, brighter future for pets, pet parents and people! If you want to make a real difference, create an exciting career path, feel welcome to be your whole self and nurture your wellbeing, Petco is the place for you. Our core values capture that spirit as we work to improve lives by doing what’s right for pets, people and our planet. We love all pets like our ownWe’re the future of the pet industryWe’re here to improve livesWe drive outstanding results togetherWe’re welcome as we are Petco is a category-defining health and wellness company focused on improving the lives of pets, pet parents and Petco partners. We are 29,000 strong, working together across 1,500+ pet care centers, 250+ Vetco Total Care hospitals, hundreds of preventive care clinics, eight distribution centers and two support centers. Position Responsibilities To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential job duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Utilize business acumen to measure, analyze and diagnose business trends and to also utilize critical thinking skills to effectively implement business improvement plans.Responsible for supporting the implementation and execution of Inventory Management through training and coaching partners to include: Shrink, Cycle Counts, Receiving, and RTV/Recall.Responsible for supporting the implementation and execution of Merchandising Management to include Brand Standards, Pricing, Planogram Accuracy, Door to Floor, and Ad Set. through training and coaching partners.Process register transactions in a way that creates a great experience for each guest.Be proficient within our selling model and support guest interactions as needed.Responsible for the implementation and execution of Omni Channel through training and coaching partners to include: BOPUS, Ship-from-store, Curbside, Extended Aisle, and overall Guest Experience.Ensures the health, proper handling and welfare of all animals according to policies and procedures, including completion of hourly animal check list and wellness cards.Adheres to and promotes established safety procedures and maintenance of clean, safe and healthy environment for store partners, guests and animals and adheres to Veterinary Protocol for all sick animals.Ensures that the backroom and equipment is organized and maintained according to Operating Standards of Excellence.Perform routine housekeeping tasks to maintain the stores appearance and meet OSE standards.Trains and develops partners on proper receiving, processing and stocking procedures, WMR and food rotation practices according to Petco standards.Abides by and implements all company policies and procedures, including but not limited to those designed to minimize shrink.Ensures Return to Vendor and Hazardous Waste processed are managed per Petco policy.Ensures that the store is opened and / or closed in accordance with established policies and procedures.Accountable as Leader on Duty for supporting for supporting the guest experience, Pet Care Center execution, training, communication and maintenance of company initiatives, programs, legal compliance, policies, procedures, safety practices, and promotions. Train, coach, and develop Pet Care Center operations partners in close partnership with the sales team.Promote a positive leadership culture of teamwork, inclusion, and collaboration.Operations Leaders are expected to display and champion the Petco Leadership Expectations. Other Essential Duties MODEL INSPIRING LEADERSHIP. Model leadership and selling behaviors to Pet Care Center partners and associates. Provide leadership to maintain a positive business climate that motivates Pet Care Center teams in alignment with our company goals. Serve as an effective advocate for change and growth.PROMOTE SAFETY. Ensure Petco policies, procedures and safety standards are closely observed and executed, and all new policies and procedures are properly implemented in the Pet Care Center. Bottom line, the safety of partners, guests and pets is our #1 priority.FOSTER A COLLABORATIVE CULTURE. Establish and promote a culture that encourages partners to seek and formulate ideas and opportunities that increase efficiency and that improve guest engagement, guest satisfaction and company image. Ensure a culture that values and promotes teamwork.PRIORITIZE TALENT DEVELOPMENT. Ensure a strong talent bench with partners who can successfully execute the company’s plans, meet objectives, and manage an engaged workforce. Ensure continuation of excellence in Petco’s partners through developmental programs and leadership opportunities.ENGAGE AND BE PRESENT. Represent Petco’s brand and image at a high level through strong culture and positive leadership. Lead our team in a way that is committed to high standards within a fun working environment. Education And Experience A high school diploma or its equivalent required; some college level business/management courses preferred.1 or more years of management experience or the equivalent is required, with 2 or more years preferred.Must be licensed to operate a motor vehicle.Proficiency in communication skills, organizational skills, and computer skills required to include: Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and other applications as needed.Demonstrates proficiency in areas of general business practices, basic business & finance acumen, analysis and problem-solving skills, and high focus on people development & guest service.A qualified applicant will possess an aptitude for demonstrating strong guest service and the ability to instruct others. Supervisory Responsibility The Operations Leader directly supervises the Operations SpecialistsProvides quick and courteous service to all guests throughout the Pet Care CenterEnsures high merchandising standards are maintained throughout the Pet Care CenterEnsures that the Pet Care Center is opened and / or closed in accordance with established P&Ps as it applies to SFS operations.In partnership with the Pet Care Center leaders, ensure proper Pet Care Center attendance processes are being maintained.Adhere to and promote established safety procedures for partners, guests, and pets. Work Environment This role is expected to provide support during key operational hours, with weekend availability. Most job duties are conducted indoors, although occasional merchandise stocking, customer carry-outs, and bank deposits will require that a partner leave the Pet Care Center briefly. Because this position requires bending, kneeling, moving merchandise (up to 50 pounds, as necessary) and standing for long periods of time, there may be risk of injury resulting from failure to follow safety precautions and procedures. A limited amount of travel will be required. Contacts This position has continuous contact with the public at the Pet Care Center and at Pet Care Center -related events, and regular contact and exchange of information with other departments in the field, Distribution Centers, and at the Support Centers. Contact outside of PETCO may be required to coordinate merchandise returns, ordering parts, Pet Care Center repairs, coordination of vaccination clinics, Pet Care Center events, vendor meetings, etc. Equal Opportunity Employer Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. To translate this webpage to Spanish or other languages on your internet browser click the translate button to the right of your browser address bar. Additional instruction can be found here: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/173424?hl=en-GB&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop Para Traducir Esta Página Web Al Español u Otros Idiomas En Su Navegador De Internet, Haga Clic En El Botón De Traducción a La Derecha De La Barra De Direcciones De Su Navegador. Puede Encontrar Instrucciones Adicionales Aquí https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/173424?hl=en-GB&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop