Title: Implementation Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: At Early Warning, we’ve powered and protected the U.S. financial system for over thirty years with cutting-edge solutions like Zelle®, Paze℠, and so much more. As a trusted name in payments, we partner with thousands of institutions to increase access to financial services and protect transactions for hundreds of millions of consumers and small businesses. Overall Purpose Responsible for the management of standard and advanced projects related to new Product Solutions to new and existing customers. Work encompasses the entire project life cycle: kick-off, data gathering, certification and training. Provides support to Customers and Internal Partners throughout a project and integrates work efforts with Sales and Technology. Follows established communication and documentation requirements to complete projects in a timely and cost effective manner. Essential Functions Project Management: Utilizes and maintains existing task plans on assigned projects. Coordinates project efforts with the customer’s project management teams and internal stakeholders and partners. Coordinates testing and certification activities. Drives a strong communication discipline to create transparency and awareness for project milestone status and any risks that may arise. May work across multiple Product Solutions. Communication: Hosts project meetings and delivers meeting agendas, minutes and action items. Uses active listening skills to capture accurate information related to all project work efforts. Clearly communicates in verbal and written fashions to provide accurate and timely updates to required audiences and systems of record. Continually keeps customers, internal partners and department management informed on project status and any potential risks. Analytical Skills: Utilizes knowledge of company products, department’s policies and procedure and documented project plans to identify risks and solutions related to projects. Gathers insight from internal partners and team management to form recommendations and solutions. Supports the company’s commitment to protect the integrity and confidentiality of systems and data. Minimum Qualifications Education and experience typically obtained through completion of a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration, Operations Management or related field.Proven Project Management experience which includes leadership skills required to manage multiple projects concurrently, and proficiency with prioritization, organization, problem solving skills and has strong analytical aptitude. Ability to balance multiple Product Solution projects.Excellent interpersonal skills, ability to work as a team member. Exceptional written and verbal skills. Demonstrates the ability to communicate internally and externally at senior levels.Strong PC skills: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook.Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusionsManages standard and advanced projects with a focus on exceeding SLAsExemplary verbal and written communication skills, with proven success managing external client relationships.Willing to travel to customers or other locations when necessary.Background and drug screen. Preferred Qualifications Financial services / banking experience, especially with payments / DDA systemsExperience with both waterfall and agile approaches to project managementProfessional services / consulting experience.Additional related education and/or experience preferred. The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow instructions and perform other related duties as assigned by their supervisor. Physical Requirements Working conditions consist of a normal office environment. Work is primarily sedentary and requires extensive use of a computer and involves sitting for periods of approximately four hours. Work may require occasional standing, walking, kneeling and reaching. Must be able to lift 10 pounds occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently. Requires visual acuity and dexterity to view, prepare, and manipulate documents and office equipment including personal computers. Requires the ability to communicate with internal and/or external customers. Employee must be able to perform essential functions and physical requirements of position with or without reasonable accommodation. The Pay Scale For This Position In Phoenix, AZ in USD per year is: $80,000 - $95,000. This pay scale is subject to change and is not necessarily reflective of actual compensation that may be earned, nor a promise of any specific pay for any specific candidate, which is always dependent on legitimate factors considered at the time of job offer. Early Warning Services takes into consideration a variety of factors when determining a competitive salary offer, including, but not limited to, the job scope, market rates and geographic location of a position, candidate’s education, experience, training, and specialized skills or certification(s) in relation to the job requirements and compared with internal equity (peers). The business actively supports and reviews wage equity to ensure that pay decisions are not based on gender, race, national origin, or any other protected classes. Additionally, candidates are eligible for a discretionary bonus, and benefits. Some of the Ways We Prioritize Your Health and Happiness Healthcare Coverage – Competitive medical (PPO/HDHP), dental, and vision plans as well as company contributions to your Health Savings Account (HSA) or pre-tax savings through flexible spending accounts (FSA) for commuting, health & dependent care expenses. 401(k) Retirement Plan – Featuring a 100% Company Safe Harbor Match on your first 6% deferral immediately upon eligibility. Paid Time Off – Unlimited Time Off for Exempt (salaried) employees, as well as generous PTO for Non-Exempt (hourly) employees, plus 11 paid company holidays and a paid volunteer day. 12 weeks of Paid Parental Leave Maven Family Planning – provides support through your Parenting journey including egg freezing, fertility, adoption, surrogacy, pregnancy, postpartum, early pediatrics, and returning to work. And SO much more! We continue to enhance our program, so be sure to check our Benefits page here for the latest. Our team can share more during the interview process! Early Warning Services, LLC (“Early Warning”) considers for employment, hires, retains and promotes qualified candidates on the basis of ability, potential, and valid qualifications without regard to race, religious creed, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, protected veteran or disability status or any factor prohibited by law, and as such affirms in policy and practice to support and promote equal employment opportunity and affirmative action, in accordance with all applicable federal, state, and municipal laws. The company also prohibits discrimination on other bases such as medical condition, marital status or any other factor that is irrelevant to the performance of our employees.