Title: Student Services Coordinator
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Campus: Hult Boston Position: Student Services Coordinator The Student Services team plays an important role in carrying out the mission of Hult International Business School by fostering learning through co-curricular programming and student involvement. Central to the Student Services mission is the commitment to keep our community connected and informed, creating an enriching, supportive, and inclusive environment. Student Services Coordinator role provides an opportunity to gain hands-on experience in Student Services and explore the following functional areas: Coordination and promotion of all key campus-wide events, cultural, social and sports activities Support of student engagement through clubs and organizations, community building and service learningFostering student success and retention and supporting overall student experience Position Overview: Under the supervision of the Student Services Manager, Student Services Coordinator supports the Student Services team and contributes to the long and short-term goals of the department and its programs. Working in a variety of areas, the Student Services Coordinator will assist in the delivery of programs and services, focusing on internal communications, marketing, promotion, and social media. Main responsibilities: Coordinate and assist with all major on and off-campus events.Coordinate targeted campaigns across platforms such as IG Posts and Stories, LinkedIn, campus communications, Graduation, and Orientation communications.Support key departmental signature programs.Lead the promotion of student life events through the use of social media channels, print material, and other forms of appropriate communication channels to the campus community.Customize the designs of social media posts and visual displays to align with the interests of target audiences. Encourage and support students, student organizations, departments, and academic programs, on events that benefit the student community and align with the school’s mission.Back-office support for day-to-day operations, including Salesforce report creation and data collection.Cultivate and maintain good working relationships with staff, faculty, and students.Serve as a central resource to student questions and handoff for campus departments.Administrative coverage for campus student services-based needs. Qualifications: Minimum of 1 year of professional work experience.Excellent communication skills (spoken and written) and a strong visual eye.Proficient in online marketing and social media strategy (LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook, TikTok and others).Creative marketing experience (Canva, digital marketing, advanced PowerPoint, etc.) and high attention to detail.Broad understanding of current web and communications channels (Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram).Personable, persuasive, and a strong influencer, with the ability to cultivate and maintain relationships. Demonstrates a genuine interest in student success.A driven, service-oriented team player motivated to take initiative and smart risks.Flexible approach to work and able to maintain composure in a fast-paced environment.Collegial attitude and able to work collaboratively across teams and campuses.This position will be based in-person, on campus at Cambridge, MA location About Us Hult is a new kind of non-profit business school that constantly innovates to meet the needs of students, employers, and society in a world that is changing faster than ever before. More than a business school, Hult is a dynamic and multicultural community that educates, inspires, and connects some of the most forward-thinking business talent from around the world. What we do Hult International Business School is a non-profit educational pioneer and the first triple accredited US business school. Ranked by the Financial Times, Economist, Forbes, and Bloomberg Businessweek, Hult offers undergraduate, graduate, and executive education programs across its global campuses in Boston, San Francisco, London, Dubai, Shanghai, and New York. The school’s philosophy is that business skills can only truly be learned by doing. By immersing students from all over the world in practical, hands-on experiences from day one, this fresh approach to education is creating a global community of confident, entrepreneurially minded graduates, ready to tackle the challenges of tomorrow. Solving problems and overcoming challenges is what our students do: all year, every year. We bring together creative, open-minded people from all over the world to find solutions to the world’s most pressing issues by doing business, not just studying it. So, they graduate with the skills and the mindset to be ready for anything. And now we’re looking for talented workforce that think the same way. We seek to promote an environment for our students, faculty, and staff that welcomes people from all backgrounds, ethnicities, races, religions, genders, sexual identities, abilities, and personal circumstances in a spirit of inclusivity and belonging. At Hult, we believe that it’s through our diversity that we find our strength. Mission statement We strive to be the most relevant business school in the world. By using our global reach and always being creative, entrepreneurial, and on the cutting edge, our aim is to have a positive impact on individuals and organizations by transforming their management practices. In so doing, we hope to be the business school of choice for existing and aspiring leaders. We will contribute to sustainable growth, helping leaders to integrate commercial success and societal well-being. Equal opportunities at Hult Hult is dedicated to actively creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing opportunity regardless of gender, religion, race, color, sexual identity, disability, ethnicity, age, and all the individual identities that make us unique. If you require any accommodation to assist you in the interview process, please submit this with your inquiry. Hult offers competitive salaries and benefits in a global, empathetic, and highly multicultural working environment. If you are motivated by the prospect of an international career with a dynamic and forward-thinking school, we’d love to hear from you. Legal Hult International Business School is a 501© (3) non-profit educational organization registered in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC) to award U.S. degrees. Students are awarded a joint U.S. and U.K. degree on successful completion of the program. The U.K. degree is awarded by the Ashridge (Bonar Law Memorial) Trust, known as Ashridge, with which Hult has a strategic alliance.