Title: IT SPECIALIST (CUSTSPT) with Security Clearance
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Summary You will serve as a IT SPECIALIST (CUSTPST) in the INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (N6) DIVISION of COMNAVREGSW SDIEGO. Duties You will assess the capabilities and limitations of current hardware to optimize system reliability and maintainability.You will diagnose information technology (IT) systems to maintain reliability of services.You will be responsible for providing guidance on work planning and review, interpretation of guidelines, and other aspects of organizational planning, and managementYou will manage and coordinate the development of Information Technology standards to be used at a variety of geographically dispersed locations. Requirements Conditions of EmploymentMust be a US Citizen.Must be determined suitable for federal employment.Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.govGenerally, current federal employees applying for GS jobs must serve at least one year at the next lower grade level. This requirement is called time-in-grade. Time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance while employed in the subject position. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.This position may require travel from normal duty station to CONUS and OCONUS and may include remote or isolated sites. You must be able to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time.This is a bargaining unit position.The employee must comply with the DOD Manual 8140.03 (Cyberspace Workforce Qualification and Management Program). Selectee will have twelve months to become certified at appropriate levels.This position is designated as a Cyber IT/Cybersecurity Workforce position in specialty area 411 (Technical Support Specialist) at the intermediate level. Qualifications Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following and Your experience must reflect skill in the following areas: attention to detail, customer service, oral communication, and problem solving. (1) Attention to DetailIs thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail. IT related experience demonstrating this competency includes: Reviewing my own information technology-related work or data and have been aside by others to review their work or data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and consistency with standards. (2) Customer ServiceWorks with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services. IT related experience demonstrating this competency includes: Evaluating new information technology (IT) tools and trends to meet business requirements of customers. (3) Oral CommunicationExpresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately. IT related experience demonstrating this competency includes: Briefing senior leaders on information technology (IT) policies to streamline corporate resources. (4) Problem SolvingIdentifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations. IT related experience demonstrating this competency includes: Diagnosing networked system failures to isolate sources of problems between equipment, networks, systems software, and application systems. In addition to demonstrating the four competencies above, I have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade level (GS-11) or pay band in the federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector performing duties such as: 1) Advising customers and providing support that minimizes interruptions in customer's ability to carry out critical business; 2) Applying project management principles/methods/practices including developing plans/schedules/cost estimating and report on accomplishments; 3) Ensuring that new and existing systems and applications meet all security requirements; 4) Determining the most appropriate methods for delivering services via the internet; 5) Providing organizational IA customer support by diagnosing system malfunctions and resolving reported problems. (NOTE: Your answer must be supported by information in your resume.) Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/2200/information-technology-it-management-series-2210-alternative-a/ . This position has been designated as a Cyberspace Workforce position in the DoD Cyber Workforce Framework (DCWF) work role of Technical Support Specialist proficiency level Intermediate and, as a condition of employment, the incumbent of the position is required to obtain and maintain qualification in accordance with DoDM 8140.03 Cyber Workforce Qualification and Management Program, February 15, 2023 and supporting Department of Navy policies. This designation requires the incumbent to:Obtain the foundational qualification within nine months and the residential qualification within 12 months of appointment and maintain those credentials as described in DoDM 8140.03 for DCWF role of (411) Technical Support Specialist proficiency level Intermediate. For more information, please review DoDM 8140.03 and supporting DON policies.Participate in continuous professional development program as described in DoDM 8140.0An annual 20 hour minimum of Cyber Workforce related continuous professional development must be documented and completed in a current individual development plan signed by both the employee and supervisor. Continuous professional development begins in the fiscal year after the employee has obtained both foundational and residential qualification requirements.Acknowledge responsibilities in writing via command designation letter. Failure to meet a condition of employment may result in disciplinary and/or adverse action up to removal from federal service. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. Education This job does not have an education qualification requirement. Additional information This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program. Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement. A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments. Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee. A relocation incentive may be authorized. PCS expenses are NOT authorized. Recruitment incentives may be authorized. Selectee may be required to successfully complete a probationary period. Active duty military members MAY apply under this announcement. If selected, appointment eligibility requirements must be met prior to the effective date of appointment. A Cost-of-Living-Allowance (COLA) of 8.90% will be added to the stated salary. Eligible DoD career or career conditional employees shall be granted statutory return rights to their former position for a period of 5 years if continuously employed in a foreign or non-foreign area provided by Executive Order 10895 and DoDI 1400.25, v 12Employees that do not exercise their return rights within five years are no longer eligible for return rights and will be treated as a local hire. ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and du