Title: Fluid Technology Sales (Outside Sales)
Work Type: Full-time
Skills Required: What We Need From You Associates or Bachelor's degree strongly preferred Minimum 1 2 years demonstrated sales skill set and/or related product knowledge High level of enthusiasm, self-motivation, and positive attitude Ability to cold call and prospect for business (hunter mentality) Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills Ability to establish rapport and build relationships with external and internal customers Exercises good troubleshooting skills and Mechanical Aptitude We Are Winning When Our expectations are that team members demonstrate our Core Values. Integrity & Respect Work with the highest ethical standards, interact openly and directly, honor our commitments and value diversity of styles, roles and perspectives. Teamwork Actively collaborate with others to solve problems and create opportunities. Devote ourselves to the team's and others' success. Customer Focus Make customers the starting point for everything we do. Understanding what they want and expect from us will enable us to earn their loyalty. Excellence & Innovation Continuously elevate our expertise and knowledge to strengthen our competitive advantage; and always look for ways to apply breakthrough ideas. Passion & Energy Bring passion and energy to our work so that we are energy givers, enabling us to own and pursue objectives in spite of obstacles and adversity. Fun! Enjoy what we do and have fun with each other celebrate a job well done 25% more fun. Benefits and Team Member Perks Positivity, cohesiveness and celebrating a job well done! Competitive compensation and benefits structure within a values-driven culture Generous paid time off program Comprehensive health insurance coverage 401k with generous company match Continuous learning through our talent learning management system Crane University Full-time sales remote position. Home office of Professional Pump located at 41300 Coca Cola Dr., Belleville, MI Sales territory is Southeastern area of Michigan Apply today and join the team! Professional Pump is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. Professional Pump also participates in E-Verify to verify identity and employment eligibility. PI239166924
Description: Professional Pump is a division of Crane Engineering Sales, LLC., located in Belleville Michigan. As a result of our growth, we have a need for an Outside Sales Account Manager (Fluid Technology Sales). The Outside Sales Account Manager performs sales and service functions for new and existing accounts within a targeted market to produce the highest possible level of sales and gross profits for Professional Pump products and services. Territory for this position is southeast Michigan. What You Get To Do Build and maintain collaborative team-first culture across Sales & Operations. Collaborate with sales team to understand customer requirements to promote the sale of product solutions and services. Support the sales team to broaden outreach both between new and current customers to increase sales goals. Build sales territory by providing customers with technical information to select equipment, parts and/or services that meets customer's needs. Focuses on equipment sales, makes product recommendations to customers. Works with other members of the Sales Team for support, seeks input regarding solution/process sales. Develop to complete own quotes, estimate prices, contract terms, warranties and delivery dates. Keep current with industry trends and competitive products.