Title: Social Media Editor: NBA/WNBA
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Yahoo Sports connects fans to the sports and fantasy games they love most, providing personalized quality content and superior fan experiences every day. Social Media Editor (NBA/WNBA -- Ball Don’t Lie brand) The Yahoo Sports social media team is looking for a basketball junkie who is on the pulse of creating content around the NBA and WNBA. The ideal person for this role will have a deep passion for the NBA and WNBA, be a social media expert, have a body of work with proven success for a major sports brand and be incredibly tapped into the basketball space. They will be tasked with strategy, reporting, content creation and TOV for NBA/WNBA social brand, Ball Don't Lie. Responsibilities: Manage, ideate and program for Yahoo Sports’ “Ball Don’t Lie” NBA channelLead editor in charge of Ball Don’t Lie social strategy and long-term planningWork in partnership with NBA writers and editors to create content around NBA editorial newsConceptualize and execute original content and live streaming ideas for social platforms.Grow Ball Don’t Lie’s social handles via content and community building and proactively pitch opportunities for growth.Work with social platform contacts at IG, X, Meta, YouTube and Snapchat on any strategy changes or platform enhancements.Post breaking news and UGC/original content around live NBA events on multiple social platforms.Work in partnership with NBA and WNBA talent (writers and reporters) and editorial staff to create content for social mediaCapture on-site content around the NBA’s major tentpole events. Ideate unique call-to-action campaigns or other creative strategies to promote content and engage with users on social platformsWorking in partnership with NBA/basketball influencers to help grow the account. Weekly and monthly reporting on all social analytics and using data to make decisions and recommendations on content.Work in lockstep with Yahoo Sports’ creative team to build out proactive and on-the-fly static and video content. Skills: Deep understanding of sports/social media platforms with experience programming on all major platforms for a major brand (scheduling posts, programming video, content promotion, etc.)Expert knowledge of Instagram, X, TikTok, YouTube, Facebook and Snapchat.Strong editorial judgment and deep knowledge of all the NBA and WNBA.A creative thinker that has the ability to move quickly and capitalize on breaking news stories and live sporting eventsA proven track record of creating content that grows a sports brand’s social media accountsStrong understanding of key social metrics and how to optimize content based on those metrics Ability to identify static and video content that resonates on specific social platforms Strong writing skills, grammar, communication skills and an understanding of the “tone” of the internet.Ability to produce/edit video and create graphics for social platforms using Adobe Creative Suite a plusA journalism degree is a plus. You Also Should Be: 3-5 years programming social content or “owning” a social account for a sports social media brandA team player and go-getter who can multitask and work across multiple groups to partner and collaborate on multiple initiativesA huge fan obsessed with all things NBA/WNBA, social media and internet trends.Someone who enjoys engaging with the social audience and loves to build the conversation around our contentSomeone who can work a flexible schedule in accordance with sports breaking news and live sporting events. Weekend and evening shifts are required. Yahoo is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on age, race, gender, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability or any other protected category. Yahoo is dedicated to providing an accessible environment for all candidates during the application process and for employees during their employment. If you need accessibility assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability, please submit a request via the Accommodation Request Form (www.yahooinc.com/careers/contact-us.html) or call 408-336-1409. Requests and calls received for non-disability related issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response. At Yahoo, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our diversity and inclusion (www.yahooinc.com/diversity/) page to learn more. The compensation for this position ranges from $72,750.00 - $151,250.00/yr and will vary depending on factors such as your location, skills and experience. The compensation package may also include incentive compensation opportunities in the form of discretionary annual bonus or commissions, in addition to equity incentives. Yahoo provides industry-leading benefits including healthcare, 401K savings plan, company holidays, vacation, sick time, parental leave and an employee assistance program. Eligibility requirements apply. Yahoo has a high degree of flexibility around employee location and hybrid working. In fact, our flexible-hybrid approach to work is one of the things our employees rave about. Most roles don’t require specific regular patterns of in-person office attendance. If you join Yahoo, you may be asked to attend (or travel to attend) on-site work sessions, team-building, or other in-person events. When these occur, you’ll be given notice to make arrangements. If you’re curious about how this factors into this role, please discuss with the recruiter. Currently work for Yahoo? Please apply on our internal career site.