Title: Executive Assistant
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Full-Time Executive Assistant (Remote) Pay ranges between $27-$30 an hour with regular pay raises throughout your tenure. In addition, you’ll receive a wide range of benefits including medical, dental, vision, and life insurance, with 100% of the premium paid by Boldly, 401k with employer match, PTO, and much more (see full details below). Are you a dynamic, caring and ridiculously talented executive assistant? If so, Boldly is looking for you! We are seeking full-time employees to support established Fortune 500 companies, not for profits, senior-level executives, and successful business owners as they make a greater impact in the world. About the positionAs an executive assistant and employee of Boldly, you will play the pivotal role of providing top-notch administrative support. You’ll have the opportunity to choose the clients you support based on company and organizational values and your preferences. These are long term assignments where you’ll create rewarding partnerships with the executives that you assist while gaining valuable experience in a variety of industries. As a Boldly employee, your work will be 100% remote and flexible with no night or weekend work. This full time position requires your availability for 40 hours a week during business hours. As an executive assistant, you’ll apply your professional skills in a wide range of tasks, including:Maintaining appointment schedules and calendarsPlanning and scheduling meetings, conferences, and travelMaking travel arrangements including flight and hotel bookingsMaximizing the executive’s time by reading, researching, and routing correspondence; drafting letters and documents; collecting and analyzing information; initiating phone calls on their behalfManaging multiple email inboxes for executivesManaging expensesProviding customer/supplier supportOther executive admin responsibilities as needed About youYou have at least 7 years of experience serving in a senior administrative support position where you provided support as an executive assistant working in a fast-paced environment supporting multiple high-level executives. At this point in your career, your #1 priority is to join a fully remote company that prioritizes flexibility in the workplace, and that promotes a culture of respect, kindness, and transparency. You are a team player with excellent communication skills and a positive outlook who cares deeply about helping others succeed. You take great pride in the quality of your work; you are proactive, dynamic, flexible, tech-savvy, results-oriented, and a stickler for details! And you do it all with a smile! Required Skills and Experience:A minimum of 7 years of direct hands-on experience as an executive assistant or senior administrative assistant to one or more executives (general admin experience as part of another role will not qualify)A minimum of 4 years of calendar management experience including coordinating meetings, appointments, and schedules for executivesA minimum of 2 years of experience in executive travel coordination, including flights, lodging, and ground transportationA minimum of 2 years of experience managing and organizing the email inbox of senior leadersAdvanced knowledge of online software such as Google Workspace, Office 365, Zoom, and other popular productivity toolsAbility to multitask with ease and prioritize work as neededHighly organized with excellent time management skillsAbility to learn new tools quicklyExcellent interpersonal communicationStrong writing skillsAbility to work independently and under the pressure of deadlinesSolution driven! Benefits you'll love, for full-time employees:W2 employment statusMedical, dental, vision, and life insurance, with 100% of the premium paid by Boldly401k with employer matchPaid time off including vacation/sick leavePaid holidaysPaid parental leaveTechnology stipendOngoing mentoring and support from your Boldly Team Leader to help you succeed with clients About our cultureWe believe that it is possible to have a rewarding career that doesn’t conflict with your personal responsibilities and life choices. Our diverse team of executive assistants includes parents, military spouses, caregivers, and those with unique life situations where working remotely, part-time or full-time, and on a flexible schedule is not just a ‘nice to have’. Fostering a thriving company culture where everyone has a sense of belonging and enjoys coming to work is our # 1 priority. As a woman-owned business, we are intimately familiar with the challenges women and minorities face in the workplace and we are committed to maintaining a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace for all. And of course, as a remote-first company since our inception in 2012, we are longtime established experts at leading and succeeding in a remote work environment! As a premium executive assistant company, we set the standard for remote professionals. We’ve been proudly certified as a Great Place to Work for 5 years in a row, and our accolades include being named by Fortune Magazine as one of the “50 Best Small Workplaces”, and Entrepreneur Magazine in their Entrepreneur 360 List as one of the “Best Entrepreneurial Companies in America” and by Color Magazine as a top Inclusive Workplace. Military Friendly named us as part of the Top 10 Military Spouse Friendly Employers, and FlexJobs as a Top 100 Company to watch for. We are also accredited by Flexa as a truly flexible employer. For more information about our company culture and to hear from team members about their experience in roles filled with variety and new learning - visit our jobs page at https://boldly.com/jobs/ Please note that the requirements in this job description are the minimum qualifications to join our team of premium executive assistants and we are unable to consider any applicant who does not have at least 7 years of experience as an executive assistant. Additionally, Boldly considers LinkedIn to be the foundation of your professional online presence and we require all candidates that wish to apply to have an up-to-date LinkedIn Profile. At Boldly, we are committed to hiring military spouses and recognize that their unique circumstances pose significant obstacles to employment. We understand that military families often experience frequent relocations and we offer our support by reducing barriers that may hinder their employment. If you are a military spouse with diverse experience, please take care to show us with your detailed resume how your experience aligns with the requirements listed above. By understanding your experience, we can better assess how your background aligns with our open position.