Title: Production and Graphics Manager
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Summary: A full-time position laying out approximately 70 issues of various high-end business-to-business publications focused on the LNG, LPG and renewables sectors per year. Also provides design and layout services for consultants, lead generation teams and other departments as needed. Detailed job description:Publication workApproximately 50% of this position is dedicated to producing a range of B2B publications covering LNG, LPG and other energy markets. This task includes laying out the issues, creating maps and other graphics to accompany stories and preparing PDFs, html fields and other material needed to distribute to clients. Five reports are published monthly, while two others are produce quarterly. Page count ranges from 6-8 pages to 40 pages. Speed and quality are imperative as publications must be sent to clients within a day or so of receiving content to ensure timeliness. All publications above include producing a draft copy the evening before publication to allow editors to review overnight and submit changes for production. Lead generation support and additional tasks Successful candidate will also work with different teams to develop brochures, pitchbooks, conference booth collateral and other editorial and graphic material throughout year. These include:Brochures for new and existing editorial and data productsConference booth & exhibition stand design (1-3 major exhibition stand designs needed per year)Marketing collateral including pop-up banners, bespoke sell-sheets, seat-drops and brochures or graphical elements for ‘swag’ Will also assist the lead generation and webpage team with design and graphics requirements in Wordpress a needed. This includes:Developing landing pages, updating and freshening web pages, contributing ideas and assisting with any troubleshooting issuesAssist BI team with conference presentations throughout the year, contributing graphics, slides and ideas where necessary Software skills required: Microsoft OfficeAdobe InDesignAdobe IllustratorWordpressHubspot About Poten:Poten & Partners is a leading provider of oil and gas market research, consulting and freight and commodity brokerage services. With offices in Houston, New York, London, Perth, Athens, Singapore and Guangzhou, Poten has a global team of over 180 employees that provide clients with premium services and valuable information and analysis.