Title: Maintenance Supervisor
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page! Job details Work with a leader in the food industry, up to 95K salary, excellent benefits, room for growth! This Jobot Job is hosted by Gabriel Ozuna Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button and sending us your resume. Salary $80,000 - $95,000 per year A Bit About Us We are a leader in the food industry and a supplier of animal proteins on a global scale. We have been in business for over 50 years and we partner with organizations all over the world with a clear goal of reducing complexity and adding value to our customers. Why join us? We pride ourselves on offering our a employees a great place to work. We are an organization with a global presence, but with a solid local soul. We employees worldwide and we interact with colleagues across the globe on a daily basis. Our business has a great respect for the individual entities, and the local culture and way of life. We also offer Excellent Benefits Competitive Pay Encourage a healthy work/life balance Room for growth, development & advancement Job Details This position is responsible for all maintenance planning and coordination of plant machinery and equipment. Primary objective is to utilize personnel, equipment and systems to ensure maximum production quantity and quality by performing the following tasks Responsible for maintaining all machinery and equipment to ensure that there are no interruptions to production and that all equipment is safe to operate Ensures and maintains any updates for equipment information and repair files are completed in full Develops, updates, and implements Preventative Maintenance (PM) programs and documents the completion of PM’s Responsible for ensuring that an inventory is kept of important spare parts and tools needed to avoid downtime in production Maintain building and property to company standards and expectations Monitor and analyze utility usage (electricity, water/sewer, gas) and propose, develop, and implement cost savings measures Monitor BOD and pH levels in waste water Assist Plant Manager in developing plans for efficient plant operation and monitoring and enforcing safety in plant. Arrange for safety repairs and updates as needed Responsible for the facility’s PSM Program & Refrigeration Systems Lead in the training and development of employees by managing performance and creating an environment in which they have the opportunity to succeed In consultation with Plant Manager, responsible for ensuring plant operates in compliance with all laws and regulations Ensures that maintenance personnel are adequately trained, equipped and motivated so that maintenance programs can be accomplished in a safe, timely, and cost-effective manner Responsible for plant security and access Responsible for obtaining and retaining MSDS Sheets as needed Adhere to all safety guidelines and wearing of all required safety gear (PPE) Adhere, support, and enforce all company policies and procedures Required Microsoft Office Ability to read and interpret documents and drawings Bilingual in English/Spanish preferred Service oriented Ability to communicate with people across all organizational levels Ability to work as a part of a team and treat coworkers with respect Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button. Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page!