Title: Backend Software Engineer
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Hadrian — Manufacturing the Future Hadrian is building autonomous factories that help aerospace and defense companies make rockets, jets, and satellites 10x faster and 2x cheaper. Our CEO, Chris Power, discusses the importance of what we're building in this video . We are a lean but mighty team (and growing!) people that are passionate about building critical infrastructure to support the nation and the advancement of humanity. To support our ambitious vision, we have raised > $200M from Lux Capital, A16Z, Founders Fund, Construct Capital, Caffeinated Capital, and more. Building Flow As a foundational member of our software engineering team, you'll work closely with our product, operations, data, and robotics teams to make Flow, our FactoryOS, the factory platform of the future. Flow is composed of a variety of internal and external critical business applications. Internally, we build software that informs, augments, and replaces work that needs to be done in the factory — for example, taking a customer request for parts, analyzing the complexity and cost, load balancing the work based on factory capacity, and returning a dynamic price quote and delivery estimate. Externally, our software helps our customers interface with Hadrian and manage their supply chain in real time. Note: you do not need to have aerospace, defense, or manufacturing experience to excel in this role In this role you will Scope, architect, implement, and deploy critical applications that will drive revenue and make a positive impact in the worldWrite robust, reliable, and critical software to operate our factoryWork directly with our internal and external customers to drive our roadmapGet to build alongside an incredible team of engineers, operators, and the best machinists/CAM programmers in the worldBe given autonomy and virtually unlimited room to grow This might be a good fit if you Have extensive experience shipping modern, robust, reliable backend applications (our back-ends are in Go, Python, and Node)Are self-motivated and eager to get hands-on and tackle challenges independently while working collaboratively toward identified objectivesWork with a hacker mentality – driven to find answers and solve problems even if it demands reverse engineering systems to get the most out of every featureTake responsibility and ownership finding solutions no matter whatDeploy your broad experience and big picture view to fix undreamed of problems with innovative solutionsAre excited to work in a fast-paced environment with high-stakes and quick iteration cyclesAre a highly effective communicator when speaking or writing, especially when presenting technical informationCan work from our Los Angeles Factory (Torrance) Compensation And Benefits For this role, the target salary range is $150,000 - $275,000 (actual range may vary based on experience). This is the lowest to highest salary we reasonably and in good faith believe we would pay for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range, and the range may be modified in the future. An employee’s pay position within the salary range will be based on several factors including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, geographic location, performance, and business or organizational needs. In addition to salary and equity, we offer: 100% coverage of platinum medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans for employees 401k Relocation stipend if you’re moving from outside of LA Flexible vacation policy ITAR Requirements To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here .