Title: HRIS Analyst
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Are you ready to join an organization where we focus on People First, have fun at work and make a difference in what we do? Dairyland is proud of our People First culture centered around appreciation, celebrating wins and collaboration. We’ve worked hard to ensure alignment between our culture and our processes and systems, learning and development and rewards and recognition programs. As a team, we work together to leverage the team’s diverse perspectives, ideas and experiences to deliver nothing less than the best. We are collaborative, transparent and committed to our People and their work experience, growth and professional development. The HRIS Analyst plays a crucial role in supporting and optimizing our Human Resource Information System (HRIS), with a specific focus on Workday. This role will be essential in ensuring smooth system operations, data integrity, and effective integration with other software and modules. Strong focus on collaborating with Human Resources, business stakeholders, and technical teams to enhance and maintain our HRIS platform. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Provide technical support for configuration and maintenance of HRIS modules, workflows, and business rules to support HR processes. Maintaining a strong, working relationship with IT and Human Resources, among others, to maintain HR systems and installing changes, upgrades, and new programs. Collaborating with Human Resources, IT and external vendors to develop and maintain integrations between HRIS System (Workday) and other HR systems. Analyze business processes and identify opportunities for automation and efficiency improvements. Conduct system testing, including functional testing, regression testing, and user acceptance testing. Support HRIS technical ticket resolution and serve as the technical subject matter expert for resolving technical inquiries and system-related issues. Design and generate reports, dashboards, and metrics to support HR decision-making and compliance requirements. Maintain up-to-date documentation of system configurations, processes, and procedures. Stay updated with the latest HRIS System (Workday) features and updates to optimize system use. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Education & Experience: Bachelor’s degree in, Information Systems, Computer Science, Data Analytics, or related field. Minimum of 3 years’ experience using Workday HCM or similar HRIS applications. Equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered. Workday certification (preferred) Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Ability to analyze data, implement changes and monitor effectiveness. Strong understanding of HR processes, data and HRMS database design. Proficient in report writing and data analysis. Excellent critical thinking skills and attention to detail. Effective communication skills with the ability to explain complex systems in clear, understandable terms. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand/sit; walk; use hands/fingers to handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. We are committed to providing our greatest asset, our People, with as many perks and benefits as possible. Some benefits of working with us include: Health & disability benefits (medical, dental, vision, short & long-term disability) Life insurance Generous 401(k) and Pension Plans Paid Time Off Robust Wellness Program New Flexible Work Program Tuition Reimbursement So much more! Dairyland Power Cooperative is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, age, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. If you are an individual with disabilities who needs accommodation or you are having difficulty using our website to apply for employment, contact our HR Department at 608-788-4000.