Title: Account Executive (Mid-Market)
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: About Netskope Today, there's more data and users outside the enterprise than inside, causing the network perimeter as we know it to dissolve. We realized a new perimeter was needed, one that is built in the cloud and follows and protects data wherever it goes, so we started Netskope to redefine Cloud, Network and Data Security. Since 2012, we have built the market-leading cloud security company and an award-winning culture powered by hundreds of employees spread across offices in Santa Clara, St. Louis, Bangalore, London, Melbourne, Taipei, and Tokyo. Our core values are openness, honesty, and transparency, and we purposely developed our open desk layouts and large meeting spaces to support and promote partnerships, collaboration, and teamwork. From catered lunches and office celebrations to employee recognition events (pre and hopefully post-Covid) and social professional groups such as the Awesome Women of Netskope (AWON), we strive to keep work fun, supportive and interactive. Visit us at Netskope Careers. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter@Netskope. About the position: The Account Executive (AE) will acquire new customers and sell additional use cases, products and services into existing accounts. Ultimately, the AE is accountable for exceeding monthly/quarterly quota, proactive deal management, forecast accuracy, and driving adoption/usage with customers and prospects in collaboration with internal teams and the broader Netskope partner ecosystem. This is an amazing opportunity for the sales professional who has a history of completely dominating their territory and who wants to make an impact on building the next iconic cloud security company. Responsibilities include: Prospect new accounts, perform your own lead generation, qualify, develop and close new business. Develop an overall account strategy leading to the deployment of a well-executed selling effort into the assigned territory/accounts. Sell new accounts, customer satisfaction, and retention of Netskope solutions and servicesOverachieve on sales targets by developing pipeline along with a high level of forecast accuracySell through channel partners to qualify opportunities Job Requirements: 4+ years of direct sales experience in a quota-carrying role1+ years selling cybersecurity software and/or SaaS solutions preferredVerifiable track record of exceeding quotas year after yearUnderstanding of enterprise web technologies and SaaS experience a mustSuccess working with channel partnersAbility to present and sell by phone / web-demo. Highly motivated self-starters, eager to learn, determined to adapt quickly, and comfortable with some ambiguityExpert with Salesforce.com Education: Bachelor's Degree Netskope is committed to implementing equal employment opportunities for all employees and applicants for employment. Netskope does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on religion, race, color, sex, marital or veteran statues, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, genetic information, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), or any other characteristic protected by the laws or regulations of any jurisdiction in which we operate. Netskope respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us, please refer to Netskope's Privacy Policy for more details.