Title: Cabinet Maker II
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Cabinet Maker II in GAC Savannah Unique Skills Let your career take flight Our aircraft are industry leaders and so are our people. We're looking for talented, motivated individuals who are ready to do innovative work, and we offer exciting career opportunities worldwide. Enjoy practical and manual activities.Able to follow written/verbal instructions.Able to work to a high level of accuracy.Able to make mathematical calculations.Good hand-eye coordination.Able to work independently or as part of a teamUnderstands woodwoorking equipment and uses and safetySafety orientedMultitasking Education And Experience Requirements High School Diploma or GED required. Basic knowledge of cabinetmaking processes, products and tools. Two (2) years experience in cabinetmaking. Experience in aerospace industry preferred.. Possess a working knowledge of Gulfstream inspection and process specifications preferred. Position Purpose:Under general supervision, fabricates aircraft furniture and other wood-surfaced subassemblies using aircraft specifications, design and engineering drawings with a high level of safety, quality, detail and productivity. Assists team members with greater experience to enhance techniques supportive of quality workmanship. Job Description Principle Duties and Responsibilities:Essential Functions: Works under general supervision to fabricate furniture and other wood-surfaced subassemblies using blueprints, aircraft specifications and design/engineering drawings. Assembles, pins and glues cabinet shells. Installs drawer-slides, hinges, latches and other hardware in subassemblies. Applies exterior surface materials such as laminates, veneers, and cap strips. Uses various types of stationary and hand-held power tools to fabricate or disassemble furniture. Complies with all safety, 5S, and housekeeping policies. Uses personal protective equipment to protect aircraft interior. Uses the material tracking system to create parts demand, track squawks and to sign-off work. Additional Functions: Works with lead and higher skilled technicians to develop and implement process improvements that increase safety, reduce, cost, cycle time, and man-hours using Lean Six-Sigma and other process improvement techniques. . Perform other duties as assigned.Other Requirements: The ability to read write, speak, and understand the English language. Able to climb ladders and stairs, work in small restricted areas, lift up to 40 pounds and work any shift. Must be computer literate. Additional Information Requisition Number: 219712 Category: Operations Percentage of Travel: None Shift: First Employment Type: Full-time Posting End Date: 05/02/2024 Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled. Gulfstream does not provide work visa sponsorship for this position, unless the applicant is a currently sponsored Gulfstream employee. Copyright © 2024 Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of General Dynamics (NYSE: GD), designs, develops, manufactures, markets, services and supports the world's most technologically-advanced business jet aircraft