Title: Biomedical Equipment Technician II
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Position Summary: Provides equipment service and support through repairs, preventive and reactive maintenance, quality assurance inspections, installation, testing, calibration, troubleshooting on one or more categories of general and advanced biomedical patient care equipment and related technologies at one or more McLaren facilities and shared services locations. Assists and/or reviews work performed by other service providers, both McLaren staff and external vendors. Essential Functions and Responsibilities: Responds to requests for maintenance services on basic patient care equipment and advanced device types; performs initial assessment, problem verification, troubleshooting and repairs. Prioritizes service calls and unscheduled maintenance while ensuring responses are within acceptable guidelines and timeframes as required by the user department/unit. Completes the preventive maintenance (PM) workload for assigned equipment to achieve required PM compliance within pre-established time frames. Follows written preventive maintenance and quality assurance testing procedures for assigned medical equipment. Performs scheduled PM during normal hours, after hours and/or on weekends as required. Leads and/or assists in installations, acceptance testing and ongoing up-time management of new equipment; special projects; and in training other staff members on equipment operation and service. Assists in work actions performed by other MHC service staff as well as services provided by external service providers. Reviews service reports on services performed on assigned devices and systems. Identifies and obtains parts, supplies and other technical resource materials required to service, maintain, test and repair assigned equipment and determines the course of action needed to cost-effectively maximize equipment up-time. Rotates on-call (after hours coverage and support) with other service staff or as per the requirements of the departments, units or types of medical equipment assigned. Qualifications: Required: Associate degree in electronics or biomedical engineering, or equivalent military training or equivalent one-year experience in the repair and maintenance of technical equipment. Two years of hands-on experience performing direct repair and maintenance on both general and more advanced clinical equipment types as outlined above. Preferred: Three or more years of experience. Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans. Additional Information Schedule: Full-time Requisition ID: 24002700 Daily Work Times: Standard Business Hours Hours Per Pay Period: 80 On Call: No Weekends: No