Title: Host
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Employment Type Full time Shift Rotating Shift Description Come join the Food & Nutrition team at Saint Mary’s Hospital, part of Trinity Health Of New England! We are a member of the nationwide Trinity Health family, bringing compassionate care to our communities. Position Purpose This person is responsible the transport, delivery, and retrieval of food trays to and from patients. What You Will Do Obtain all pertinent nutritional care information of the patient in order to provide food and nutrition care services to patients. Take patient menu orders and correct diets as appropriate; tray assembly and delivery; prepare food items for patients, collecting patient trays and strips food trucks. Minimum Qualifications Education: High School diploma or general equivalency diploma (GED).Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to work in a fast-paced customer service operation.Ability to work independently and complete assignments in a timely manner.Must be able to stand for long periods of time. Position Highlights And Benefits Full-Time 32 Hours - Rotating ShiftOur Mission and Core ValuesCareer growth and advancement potentialAward-winning Patient Access Department Ministry/Facility Information Trinity Health Of New England is an integrated health care delivery system that is comprised of world-class providers and facilities dedicated to full spectrum preventative, acute, and post-acute care. We aim to deliver top level care to increase our community's overall health at lower costs. While we serve nearly 3 million people, we are proud to be a part of a national system that focuses on putting our patients first and having the best colleagues to do so. Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion Trinity Health is one of the largest not-for-profit, Catholic healthcare systems in the nation. Built on the foundation of our Mission and Core Values, we integrate diversity, equity, and inclusion in all that we do. Our colleagues have different lived experiences, customs, abilities, and talents. Together, we become our best selves. A diverse and inclusive workforce provides the most accessible and equitable care for those we serve. Trinity Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other status protected by law.