Title: Seasonal Bell Attendant-Kimpton Shorebreak Resort
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Temporary
Description: Why We're Here We believe heartfelt, human connections make people's lives better. Especially the people who work here. Our founder, Bill Kimpton rebelled against impersonal, generic hospitality that makes people feel disconnected. He initiated a new boutique hotel standard and environment where people could connect, from the heart. That was the goal then, and it is still our purpose today. Your work here has meaning. You're here to improve the lives of coworkers, guests, owners, communities, and together we make that happen. It's what drives all that we do. Every day you can improve lives in your own, unique way and you can expect the same in return. It all starts with you. How We're Different Our San Francisco-born entrepreneurial spirit and zest for life kick started this culture in 1981, and it shines through to this day. It all flows from you. The lively, rebellious, genuine you - with your diverse background, talents, experiences, and plucky personality - is fully welcome, and celebrated here. Because we know that when people can be themselves at work, they shine. That's what we seek out and celebrate. It's people of all kinds who share a knack for creativity and self-leadership. People who don't need to be told what to do to get things done. People who have an innate passion for making others' lives better. It adds up to a work environment that's a bit quirky, irreverent, exciting, uncommon, empowering, and downright exceptional. Guests feel it; you'll feel it too. What You'll Do Provide a positive first and last impression to guests as they arrive and leave the hotel. When servicing guests, you're professional, and friendly. Assist with luggage and packages upon arrival and departure and arrange transportation when necessary. Some Of Your Responsibilities Include Get assignments, keys, and special guest requests from your supervisor at the beginning of your shift.Greet guests and take luggage to guestrooms promptly when checking in and upon checking out, check and secure guests' luggage until departure.Hail taxicabs and answer inquiries, carry luggage to the curb to meet transportation.Provide the guest(s) with information about their stay, the hotel, and answer questions.When the concierge is not available, book tours and assist with general information inquiries.Keep bell closet clean and neat, polish and clean bell carts daily, keep lobby area and public areas clean and tidy, deep clean other assigned areas.Submit all found articles accompanied by a Lost & Found Report.Assist valet when they are busy, cover for lunch breaks. Ensure that the "white zone" is kept free and clear for guest arrival and in the case of an emergency.Deliver messages, packages, flowers, wine, and housekeeping items (hair dryers, ironing boards, irons, laundry/dry cleaning etc.) to guest rooms upon request.Clean and set-up meeting room functions, direct guests to various meeting rooms.Set-up and maintain complimentary hotel lobby functions including the morning coffee service and the nightly concierge events.Turn in any keys to the proper department when your shift ends. What You Bring High School Diploma is preferred.1 year of experience in customer service or similar role.You've got a flexible schedule, able to work evenings, weekends, and holidays when needed.Basic writing skills, professional communication skills. Differences make a difference. We are committed to creating a culture that reflects the diversity of our hotel and restaurant guests. With that goal in mind, we encourage each of our employees to understand, accept, and celebrate differences among people. That includes different personalities, lifestyles, work styles, education, and experience. We also welcome and embrace people of all races, ethnicities, ages, religions, physical abilities, sexual orientation, gender identities and genders. For our complete EEO policy click here. Be Yourself. Lead Yourself. Make it Count.