Title: Journeyperson Millwright
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description Are you a Journeyperson Millwright looking for a rewarding and permanent opportunity to contribute your expertise to a dynamic maintenance team? Your search ends here! We are currently seeking a Journeyperson Millwright for an exclusive permanent position starting April 24, 2024, at our client site in Christina Lake, Alberta. T his position offers a 7-day in/7-day out work schedule, attractive camp accommodations, and a travel allowance OR flights from Calgary or Edmonton flight hubs . If you are a registered Journeyperson Millwright with 3+ years of maintenance experience in an oil and gas environment, we encourage you to make your mark with us. Don't miss out on this incredible opportunity! What would you be doing? Read diagrams, schematic drawings, and service manuals to determine work procedures. Inspect and examine machinery and equipment to detect irregularities and malfunctions. Operate rigging equipment and dollies to place heavy machinery and parts. Fit bearings, align gears and shafts, attach motors, and connect couplings to ensure precise tolerances. Align and test equipment and make any necessary adjustments. Assemble all machinery and equipment by bolting, welding, riveting, or fastening them to pre-built foundations. Perform preventative maintenance once the machines and equipment are put into operation. Complete all paperwork as required. Does this sound like you? Journeyperson Millwright certification. Valid CSTS-20, H2S Alive, Confined Space Entry, and Fall Protection safety tickets are mandatory. 3+ years in previous maintenance roles as an asset. Driver's abstract under 5 demerits to be able to operate company vehicles required. Proficient in English, both written and verbal communication required Physically capable of performing all necessary duties of the job, including but not limited to heavy pulling, pushing and lifting (up to 50 lbs), climbing, shoveling, bending, twisting, etc. Perks of the job Competitive hourly pay. $300 travel pay per shift OR flights out of Calgary/Edmonton. Benefits after 300+ hours of work. Opportunity to work copious amounts of overtime. Week on, week off schedule. Other Important Details This position has been identified as a safety sensitive position and will require completion of drug and alcohol testing. Why FLINT FLINT strives every day to be recognized as your employer of choice, modelling our core values not only to our customers but also to our employees. We promise to uphold these values by providing a safe, progressive, and proactive work environment while continuously working to minimize our impact on our planet. We will work every day to build our employees into leaders, fostering a work environment of integrity, curiosity, empowerment, and innovation. At FLINT, we recognize that our greatest resource is our people. By combining world-class workforce solutions with top-tier talent, together will build upon our reputation of unwavering quality, safety, and customer satisfaction. We are committed to creating a culture of equity, diversity, and inclusion, including fostering a safe and respectful environment that allows for diverse perspectives—a work environment in which all employees are valued and have an equal opportunity to achieve success. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or other legally protected factors.