Title: HR Administration Specialist
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Summary/Objective:This role focuses on providing HR support to co-workers and employees through the provision of local HR and administrative functions, including but not limited to: documentation for administrative processes in manufacturing, wellness initiatives, plant events, interfacing with staffing agencies, safety-related activities, ADP, payroll and benefits support. As a member of the HR team, this role should maintain total confidentiality and build positive professional relationships with team members throughout the organization. Essential Functions:It is the responsibility of all Team Members to: *Proactively ensure a safe working environment for Team member and guests *Live and model the Vision, Mission Quality and Safety Policies *Create a culture of performance as evidenced by continual improvement in Safety, Quality, Innovation and attaining company sales revenue and earnings growth targets *Create a learning organization that can adapt to changing market needs *Abide by Code of Ethics for Professional Conduct, utilizing appropriate professional and respectful behavior in all situations and maintaining absolute confidentiality.Support the delivery of high-quality products and services that exceed customer expectations. Coordinate established wellness plan programming to reduce health risk, medical costs and encourage healthy lifestyles. Examples: health screenings, lunch and learn seminars, bloodmobile, flu-shots, fitness classes, etc.Handles administrative tasks involved with training and development efforts including, but not limited to, scheduling, notifying participants, interfacing with the trainer and data entry in conjunction with onsite trainer.Assist in the documentation and recording of recruitment efforts for exempt and nonexempt and internal, external and temp recruiting efforts to include, but not limited to, scheduling interviews, preparing and staying abreast of posting, requisitions and all other related recruitment efforts.Welcomes new team members and helps coordinate on-boarding, issuing fobs, lockers, orientation, and all associated administrative duties and documentation for recordkeeping purposes.Processes team member exit interviews.All terminations, employee complaints and related issues must be forwarded to HR Mgr. for direction.Interfaces with recruiting agencies and staff members to ensure positions are filled in a timely fashion. Acts as mediator between contract workers and plant personnel for scheduling and all related issues.Assists Safety Officer with scheduling and coordinating safety meetings and all safety-related events or concerns as well as with the maintenance of Incident reports and OSHA log reporting. Assists with record maintenance, reports and logs pertaining to applicant flow procedures and annual reporting requirements as needed (Affirmative Action Plans, EEO-1, VETS-4212, etc.)Organizes and coordinates Company special events (annual picnic, anniversary celebrations, etc.)Perform general office administration duties to include providing reports and assisting the HR team as needed.Provides ADP administrative support to include, but not limited to, data entry, employee benefits support, running reports, time and attendance input, processing terminations, new hire…Provides Benefit administrative support to include, but not limited to, data entry, running reports, SARs, Plan Documents, WRAP Plans Disclosure notices required.Processes background checks and drug tests for perspective employees.Reviews and presents invoices with recommendations related to HR for approval to HR Manager.Administratively assists HR Manager with updates and revisions to job descriptions, forms, handbook…Interfaces with Payroll Representative to ensure timeliness and accuracy of ADP reporting. Provide administrative support as directed by HR Manager and Chief Financial OfficerAll other duties as assigned. Competencies:Problem solvingProfessionalismAbility to maintain the upmost confidentiality Analytical ability (Root Cause)CommunicationRelationship management/interpersonal skillsMS ApplicationOrganizational skills with attention to detailTeam orientedSelf-motivated, results orientedAbility to type and use word processing softwareEnglish Proficiency Level: C2 (Proficient) Working Conditions/Essential Work Conditions (working environment, work schedule demands, travel, workspace, required PPE, Physical demands, etc.):Standard office environment with visits to all areas of the enterprise, utilizing required PPE. Listing up to 25 lbs. on infrequent basis is required. Ability to walk, stand, sit at computer for extended periods of time. Flexible schedule and willingness to work extended hours as needed to complete work as required. Ability to work onsite daily to ensure availability of Human Resources to plant employees onsite. Supervisory Responsibilities: N/A Expected Hours of Work:Flexible schedule and willingness to work extended hours as needed to complete work as required. Travel:Limited travel is expected for this position. Required Education and Experience:Bachelor’s degree preferred; High school diploma with some college or associate degree with requisite experience required.Willingness to pursue bachelor’s degree required. Minimum of 1-2 years HR or related experience, preferably in a manufacturing environment required.PHR or SHERM-CP or willingness to pursue HR certification preferred. This position is not eligible for relocation bonus nor a hybrid schedule.