Title: Manager Asset Management & Maintenance
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Sibelco is a global material solutions company. We mine, process and sell industrial minerals at locations worldwide, focused primarily on silica, clays, feldspathics and olivine. We are also leaders in glass recycling. The Sibelco Group operates over 110 production sites in 31 countries, with a team of over 5,000 people. Click to see how Sibelco materials are used in products within and outside your home. Location: SP Schoolhouse Position Summary As the Senior Asset Management and Maintenance (AM&M) Leader employed by Sibelco NA. The primary focus of this role is to lead the transformation of Spruce Pine’s asset management process and capability so that it is a source of sustainable, and considerable, Competitive advantage; lead a team of subject matter experts in Asset Reliability Management and Maintenance, provide technical advice and services to the Sibelco operating cluster and senior management in the areas of Asset Reliability & Productivity Improvement, to recommend and help implement initiatives that add value to Sibelco NA and to ensure that a change management process is applied to provide sustainability. Responsibilities Support operating divisions to improve the productivity of new and existing assets by focusing on operations, reliability engineering and best maintenance processes throughout Sibelco NAMProvide effective leadership to the AM&M team by setting clear expectations, providing feedback and coaching and establishing an effective team processManage the Reliability & Maintenance team to maximize the value they add – considering the compliance to the compliance tot the maintenance management framework, the number of reliability projects/activities completed, and ensuring the most value-adding issues are being addressedBe the primary Spruce Pine point of contact with the Sibelco Asset Management CoE and AM&M external consultantsPlans, develops, and implements maintenance standards, methods and procedures designed to minimize the asset risk, improve the asset performance and reduce the sustaining costs.Develops and reviews Spruce Pine Maintenance Tactics, Planned Preventive Maintenance schedule, ensure full compliance to scheduled maintenance activities and lead the team to deliver effectively Qualifications Bachelors degree in Engineering preferred8 years experience as a Maintenance Leader or Manager in a manufacturing or mining environmentProficient in English Benefits Medical InsurancePrescription Drug BenefitsDental InsuranceVision InsuranceLife InsuranceDisability InsuranceCritical Illness Insurance401(k) Retirement Savings Plan But most importantly, if you embrace our core values, and if this role sparks your enthusiasm to apply your passion to contribute in a meaningful way as a part of Sibelco’s team of unique talents within a diverse international business community, then we very much look forward to hearing from you. To Apply: Please click apply to register your information and contact details on the recruitment portal so one of our team can get in touch. Inclusive Team Culture: Attractive Employer (sibelco.com) Sibelco recognises the strength of our diverse global workforce and values difference and inclusion for all. Our rich mix of people bring an exciting exchange of ideas and knowledge to keep us moving forward and innovating new solutions. We seek talent of all backgrounds and abilities and continue to develop our leaders and our culture to help all current and new employees to grow and reach their full potential. Salary & Benefits: We will gladly discuss these aspects with you at interview stage. Meet our People: Careers (sibelco.com) Recruitment Process: Recruitment process (sibelco.com) We welcome your application and will make reasonable adjustments where required to support you through the selection process. Sibelco Targets: Sibelco priorities (sibelco.com) We have set clearly defined sustainability priorities and targets, with key environmental and social objectives, which include Health & Safety, Climate & Energy, Community Engagement, Human Rights and Business Ethics. Please note we have a Global Talent Acquisition Team and we will not therefore be requiring agency services