Title: Human Resources/ Recruiter
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: JOB SUMMARY: Recruits Security Officers; places announcements for openings; works with agencies and other sources of personnel to secure candidates; participates in job fairs; follows up on leads. Distinguishing Characteristics: Primary job function is recruiting Security Officers. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: The functions listed describe the business purpose of this job. Specific duties or tasks may vary and be documented separately. The employee might not be required to perform all functions listed. Additional duties may be assigned, and functions may be modified, according to business necessity. All assigned duties or tasks are deemed to be part of the essential functions, unless such duties or tasks are unrelated to the functions listed, in which case they are deemed to be other (non-essential) functions. Employees are held accountable for successful job performance. Job performance standards may be documented separately, and may include functions, objectives, duties or tasks not specifically listed herein. In performing functions, duties or tasks, employees are required to know and follow safe work practices, and to be aware of company policies and procedures related to job safety, including safety rules and regulations. Employees are required to notify superiors upon becoming aware of unsafe working conditions. All functions, duties or tasks are to be carried out in an honest, ethical and professional manner, and to be performed in conformance with applicable company policies and procedures. In the event of uncertainty or lack of knowledge of company policies and procedures, employees are required to request clarification or explanations from superiors or authorized company representatives. Identifies potential sources for recruiting Security Officers, such as through job fairs, associations, community organizations, advocacy groups, government agencies, military transition centers, vocational/technical schools, colleges and universities. Develops ongoing effective relationships that will result in increased applicant flow of security candidates, by on site visitation with possible sources. Determines effective media campaigns, with guidance from Area or Branch management, such as advertising (print, radio, television), posters, flyers, etc. Conducts initial interviews prior to candidate referral to Branch office(s) for secondary interviews and screening. Participates in applicant screening; administers surveys and interview enhancement tools, and refers potential candidates contacted at job fairs, etc., for follow-up interviews. Reviews employment applications and evaluates work history, education and training, job skills, compensation needs, and other qualifications and requirements of applicants. Reviews job orders and matches applicants with job requirements, utilizing manual or computerized file search methods. Informs applicants of job duties and responsibilities, compensation and benefits, work schedules and working conditions, company and union policies, promotional opportunities, and other related information. Maintains records of applicants not selected for employment. Performs tasks and duties of a similar nature and scope as required for assigned office. Minimum Qualifications At Entry Additional qualifications may be specified and receive preference, depending upon the nature of the position. MINIMUM HIRING STANDARDS: Must be at least 18 years of age. Must have a reliable means of communication (i.e., pager or phone). Must have a reliable means of transportation (public or private). Must have the legal right to work in the United States. Must have the ability to speak, read, and write English. Must have a High School Diploma or GED. Must be willing to participate in the Company's pre-employment screening process, including drug screen and background investigation. Education/Experience: High School Diploma or G.E.D. and 2 years of related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to perform the essential functions of the job, as determined by the company. Competencies (as demonstrated through experience, training, and/or testing): Understanding of recruiting methods and sources, and regulations related to the hiring process. Thorough understanding of standard office procedures and practices. Ability to interpret instructions furnished in written, oral, diagrammatic, or schedule form. Ability to use personal computers and office productivity software. Good interviewing skills. Ability to write original correspondence. Planning, organizing, and project coordination skills. Ability to communicate clearly and concisely. Ability to interact effectively at all levels and across diverse cultures. Ability to be an effective team member and handle projects responsibly. Strong customer and results orientation. WORKING CONDITIONS (Physical/Mental Demands): With or without reasonable accommodation, requires the physical and mental capacity to perform effectively all essential functions. In addition to other demands, the demands of the job include: Maintaining composure in dealing with authorities, executives, clients, staff and the public, occasionally under conditions of urgency and in pressure situations. Must undergo and meet company standards for background and reference checks, controlled substance testing, and behavioral selection survey. Required ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently. Computer usage. Handling and being exposed to sensitive and confidential information. Occasional to frequent use of vehicle required in the performance of duties. Regular talking and hearing. Frequent lifting and/or moving up to 10 pounds and occasionally up to 25 pounds. Close vision, distance vision, and ability to adjust focus. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabilities About Us Securitas employees come from all walks of life, bringing with them a variety of distinctive skills and perspectives. United through our common purpose, we provide the security needed to safeguard our clients' assets and people. Our core values - Integrity, Vigilance and Helpfulness - are represented by the three red dots in the Securitas logo. If you live by these values, we're looking for you to join the Securitas team. About The Team Our Company Mission: Securitas' mission is to protect homes, workplaces, and communities by providing the security services they need to protect their assets, safeguard their people, and maintain their ability to generate profits. Our Values: Securitas' core values - Integrity, Vigilance and Helpfulness - are the foundation for our employees to build trust with customers, colleagues, and the surrounding community. Integrity: Securitas employees are honest and trusted by customers to safeguard their premises and valuables. We don't compromise on integrity and create an open forum for our employees and customers to voice opinions, report improprieties, and share information. Vigilance: Seeing, hearing, and evaluating. A Securitas employee is always attentive and often notices things that others don't. Their vigilance is necessary in order to be aware of potential risks or incidents that may take place on our customers' premises. Helpfulness: As part of an on-going effort to ensure safety, Securitas employees are always ready to help if an incident occurs that requires intervention regardless of whether or not it is directly related to their job.