Title: Business Development Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: AlphaStaff, Inc., is one of the largest privately-owned professional employer organizations, specializing in human resources management, medical and benefits solutions, payroll and other key aspects of relieving the administrative burden of operating small and medium size businesses. With over 100 corporate employees, AlphaStaff has operations across the United States and is headquartered in Sunrise, Florida. Position Summary The Business Development Manager will leverage existing relationships with strategic partners who serve as referral sources and develop new relationships that will yield new clients. This role will be responsible for educating partners as to AlphaStaff’s value proposition, forging strong relationships and earning the partner's trust will lead to numerous client introductions and hot leads. Responsibilities This consultative sales role will involve understanding the Client’s issues and HR challenges in order to tailor a solution with the right mix of AlphaStaff products.Relationship building and ongoing relationship management with AlphaStaff partners resulting in closed deals and substantial residual compensation over the life of the account. Achieving sales objectives. The ideal candidate will embrace the opportunity to create awareness of the AlphaStaff brand. Qualifications And Requirements Minimum of 2+ years of sales experience in the PEO or HR outsourcing/Payroll arena. Sales experience should include a mix of smaller companies with 25+ lives and larger companies with 100+ lives. Experience selling to senior executives is desired. Must be able to build rapport and close sales at the C-level.Bilingual in English and Spanish is required.Candidate must be local to South Florida.The ideal candidate will have the proven ability to sell a complex value proposition. Track record of success in channel sales is desired.Proven success in building and developing Client relationships is critical. Must be a consultative salesperson who is able to listen to the client and understand needs in order to tailor a proper solution.Excellent oral, written and presentation skills are required. Self-starter will possess the ability to work autonomously. Must be highly motivated and drive the organization to support him/her. Must be computer literate; salesforce automation experience a plus. Compensation And Perks Base salary range is around $75,000-$80,000, negotiable and commensurate with experience.Commission opportunities.Generous employee benefits package including major medical, dental, vision, LTD and more.401k with company match.Growth and development opportunities.Vacation, holiday, floating holiday and volunteer time off. Company Overview: Since 1997, AlphaStaff has delivered HR outsourcing solutions to thousands of small and medium-sized businesses across the country, as well as some large organizations. AlphaStaff is majority-owned by its management team, giving it the freedom to invest in its employees and client relationships to drive long-term value. With a dynamic and adaptable approach, we are constantly finding the best solutions to meet our clients’ needs. We help our clients improve talent management, compliance, employee benefits, and HR technology by creating tailored solutions. Our experienced leadership team is comprised of thought leaders in the human capital management and insurance sectors. We are constantly looking for “athletes” – driven and passionate individuals, to join our dynamic team. Our company culture emphasizes diversity and a collaborative environment where everyone’s opinion is valued. As one team, we have one mission: to create Raving Fans with every interaction as we help our clients solve day-to-day human capital challenges better, faster, smarter. Disclaimers: AlphaStaff, Inc. is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, age, past or present military service, disability, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. AlphaStaff, Inc. also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. To help ensure a safe, healthy, and productive work environment for our employees and others, to protect company property, and to ensure efficient operations, AlphaStaff, Inc. has adopted a policy of maintaining a workplace free of drugs and alcohol. Employees and applicants may be requested to submit to drug and alcohol testing in accordance with applicable law. CCPA Job Applicant Notice at Collection