Title: Senior Software Engineer
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: About Skillable Skillable is a 100% remote and virtual tech company that’s modernizing the world of training. Come share your professional magic with highly talented, drive and fun colleagues who believe in the power of “skilling.” Experience what a true team focused on doing the right thing feels like! Our people and talent are what make us great and fun! We work together to create amazing solutions and experiences for our customers and their clients. We utilize our employees’ personal strengths to help our company grow and ensure our team is living their best, authentic life. We don’t just share our appreciation for our team members once a year with a branded mug—it’s shared on a daily basis. Our remote work environment blends the demands of work and life without the added pressure of commuting or feeling guilty about leaving early to visit the dentist. Come work with us and learn what teamwork and integrity blended with an emphasis on well-being and balance can do for your career! The Senior Software Engineer (full stack) will play a senior role in the design, testing, and implementation of software applications. They will be tasked with transforming software requirements into effective, maintainable solutions within our existing application frameworks. They will develop unit and functional tests, contributing to our commitment to Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD). They will implement solutions with our SDLC and innovate/explore new technologies. Responsibilities Build world-class software applications and features with high velocity, according to our SDLC Actively participate in Scrum ceremonies, mitigate risks, and clarifying daily dev blockers Responsibilities include designing, developing, testing and deploying software systems A key deliverable is the creation of documentation using leading industry tools Proactively collaborate with your product team and lead software engineer Assist with scope and estimation for proposed features leading to accurate cost and timeline estimates Propose alternatives that improve time-to-market or reduce cost or complexity Consider cross-functional dependencies throughout the development cycle Consider non-functional requirements such as system performance, usability, reliability, adaptability, security, legal and other operational aspects. Innovate and explore new technologies Propose, prototype and champion technologies and processes that continuously help Skillable advance their integration solution. Support and promote the company values through positive interactions with both internal and external partners and customers on a regular basis. Other strategic business initiatives or cross-functional project involvement as required. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent experience10+ years working as a software developer in an agile product team 7+ years working with C#, .NET, Java, NodeJS or similar Experience working with RESTful APIs, JavaScript, Entity Framework, MSSQL, and Unit Tests Experience working with Authentication mechanisms such as OIDC, OAuth, and SAML a plus Experience with React and NodeJS a plus Experience Unit Testing with Jest & React Testing Library a plus Experience with NextJS, ExpressJS, or similar a plus Experience with Swagger a plus Experience working with cloud native applications Experience working on small agile teams in GitFlow or Trunk Based Development (a plus) Flexible with the ability to adapt in a growing organization while undergoing consistent, proactive, iterative change and process improvement The desire and ability to work at a fast pace and drive concurrent technical projects is helpful Salary Range The base salary for this position is $122,000 - $181,000 annually. Consistent with applicable laws, compensation will be determined based on the candidate's level, relevant skills, qualifications, and experience along with requirements for the position and annual financial plans. Skillable is a distributed first team with employees working across the U.S., and we do not consider geography when determining compensation ranges. Please note that it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range. Skillable reserves the right to modify this compensation range at any time. What’s in it for You? Rewards and Perks Requirements We believe in providing a suite of benefits that ensure our employees know we appreciate them as people first. Skillable wants to be a company that promotes physical, emotional and all around well-being through our benefit offerings! Subject to eligibility requirements, the Company offers comprehensive benefits including: Fully remote with a monthly stipend to pay for office services and supplies Medical (2 plan options), dental (2 plan options), vision, health savings account with generous employer contributions, healthcare spending accounts, dependent care spending accounts, EAP, group paid life insurance, group paid STD and LTD and voluntary life/AD&D insurance, accident and critical illness options. 401(k) with Company match, tuition reimbursement, healthy lifestyle reimbursements. Open PTO, Paid holidays, bereavement leave, parental leave, caregiver leave and paid FMLA leave. Friends and Family Friday to end our standard workweek at 2pm local time; Full company closure during the 4th of July holiday week. Access to pet insurance; Access for employees and dependents to Skillable learning opportunities through our product and more! Working Conditions The job conditions for this position are in a remote home office setting, requiring a space that supports privacy and focus to attend to regular and frequent video and voice calls. Employees in this position use PC and phone on an on-going basis throughout the day. Periodic travel may be required equaling up to approximately 10% of the time. Skillable can only hire potential candidates with a primary residence in the following States: AZ, CA, CO, FL, GA, ID, IN, KY, MA, ME, MI, MO, NC, ND, NH, NV, NY, OH, OK, SC, TN, TX, UT, WA, WI.