Title: Lead Teacher
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Join the fastest growing Academy of Early Education in the nation where “Happy Happens Here”! When it comes to our people, here at The Learning Experience we are committed to giving everyone a platform to display their talents, share their ideas, and further their careers in Early Childhood Education. Compensation What We Offer: Competitive Benefits: Child Care Discounts State-of-the-Art Classrooms: in an immersive classroom setting utilizing the latest technology, materials, and resources to allow children to “learn, play, and grow”. Opportunities for Growth: On-going training and professional development, tuition reimbursement, and leadership pathways to help you meet your goals as an educator. As One Of Our Happy Teachers You Will Be responsible for the overall classroom management, leading a safe, nurturing, and engaging learning environment for children.Use your passion for learning to implement our proprietary L.E.A.P curriculum and have the unique opportunity to use our engaging characters to drive the curriculum, making TLE a fun place for children.Communicate regularly with parents, sharing their children’s latest adventures and achievements through a variety of avenues, including mobile apps and personal discussions.Build relationships with families and coworkers and create a dynamic environment where play and learning happen seamlessly. Apply Now If You Have a genuine passion for the education and care of children. Have 1 year of professional teaching experience (preferred) or six months of professional teaching experience (required).Associate degree or higher in ECE or related degree (preferred) or High school diploma/GED (required). Must meet any applicable background screening or state licensing requirements for the role. Compensation: $18.00 - $20.00 per hour The Learning Experience At The Learning Experience, we make early education joyful, engaging and fun so children are happy to learn, play and grow. Our curriculum focuses on the six ages and stages of early childhood development and engages children in hands-on learning activities that encourage them to explore and solve problems at their own rate of development. This forms a foundation for kids to Learn, Play and Grow under the care of our nurturing teachers and staff. At TLE®, we’ve created a full cast of characters that become our little learners’ educators, partners and friends through their preschool education journey. Each character has a unique personality and area of interest and brings learning to life by allowing children to explore the world through fun and imagination. This franchise is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. Your application will go directly to the franchisee, and all hiring decisions will be made by the management of this franchisee. All inquiries about employment at this franchisee should be made directly to the franchise location, and not to The Learning Experience Corporate.