Title: Senior Software Engineer (Java)
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Search Jobs Job Description What is the primary need, technical challenge, and/or problem you will be responsible for? In VMware’s End User Computing group, we build extensible solutions to simplify and automate the employee digital experience to help them achieve more. Workspace ONE is a digital workspace platform that simply and securely delivers and manages any app on any device by integrating access control, application management and multi-platform endpoint management. As a part of the Workspace ONE UEM team, you will be joining a group of passionate innovators responsible for building the next generation of software applications and expanding our service capabilities. Our goal is to enable secure and productive workforce through our Unified Endpoint Management platform - managing billions of devices on multiple operating systems across industry verticals. About the role: You will lead the engineering team through design, development, testing and delivery of services and large components. You will champion a culture of high ownership, provide technical leadership and partner closely with other engineering teams and product management. You will work in a fast-paced environment, maintaining a healthy sense of urgency, continually improving engineering processes and architecture. You will be expected to solve complex problems, establish a high engineering-bar and value execution to drive highly impactful outcomes. Qualification: We are looking for a technical leader with a combined industry experience of at least 5 years. You have: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field At least 5 years of experience as a Software Development Engineer in a modern programming language such as Java or .NET At least 2 years of experience architecting and designing enterprise software or distributed systems Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, operating systems and/or distributed systems (high-availability, scalability/performance, security) Experience in delivering end-to-end SaaS applications and highly scalable products Demonstrated ability to manage and mentor software engineers, maintain architectural vision and product quality Experience partnering with product or program management teams Hands on experience in continuous integration and continuous delivery methods and practices Proven expertise in Agile development What is the leadership like for this role? What is the structure and culture of the team like? This position reports to the Director, Engineering for the Freestyle and Unified Endpoint Management team based in the US, an established software engineer and manager. We believe in building trust amongst team members, empowering and enabling engineers, all our stakeholders and committing to make our customers successful. The team is organized based on components to define clear responsibility and accountability. The broader team working on the platform is cross cultural and is spread in few locations between USA, India and Bulgaria. This job requisition is not eligible for employment-based immigration sponsorship by Broadcom. For US based candidates, the annual pay range (OTE for commissioned roles; Salary for other roles) for this position is: $116,000 - $277,000. The actual offer will be based on the role, location, and individual candidate experience. Bonus, commission, and/or equity may be eligible for this position. EUC, a division of Broadcom, offers comprehensive benefits including, but not limited to: medical, dental, and vision plans, company paid holidays, paid sick leave, and vacation time. Your talent advisor can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. This job may require the candidate to travel and/or work from a facility that requires full vaccination prior to entry. Broadcom is an equal opportunity employer. Broadcom is firmly committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, religious creed, national origin, age, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, ancestry, marital status, military or veteran status, union membership, political affiliation, or other bases protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. Broadcom will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against any employee or applicant because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own compensation or the compensation of another employee or applicant. Broadcom will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. Search Jobs