Title: Apartment Leasing Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description BASIC PURPOSE: Performs functions to manage and participate in the implementation of the marketing and business plan for one or more properties, tracks and reports on results against plan, manages leasing staff, leases properties, participates in lease renewal and recertification process, ensures file compliance, and provides resident services, working within the limits of established policy. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Responsible for all aspects of leasing and marketing to prospective residents. Interviews, recommends hire and trains leasing staff. Schedules, assigns, and explains work. Monitors work quality and assists to resolve operating problems. Counsels and coaches employees, establishes standards of performance and appraises performance. Provides technical, managerial, and performance guidance. Interprets company rules and regulations, and clarifies policy, maintains discipline, handles employee grievances, and maintains harmonious employee relations. Ensures that property is prepared for business, walks the property and makes adjustments or reports on elements that are unsightly or are in need of repair. Unlocks models and club house and check for cleanliness and welcoming environment. Ensures that collateral and signage are available to potential residents. Greets prospective residents and determines for which program they will qualify based on number of persons in household and income levels. Shows models, amenities, and features, and communicates the benefits of residency, rent and deposit information. Takes applications, initiates file, and ensures that all documentation is provided for certification process including birth certificates, employment, pay, and bank account verification. Expedites missing items as required. Ensures that applications and required documents are complete, verifies that information provided is consistent with validated data, and that all elements are prepared in compliance with policy, statutory, and tax credit requirements. Enters all required information into computer system. Issues documentation for approval by File Review Department and works with prospective residents to respond to inquiries and resolve related issues. Coordinates with Maintenance to determine inventory that is available for move in and validate information in computer system with Community Director to verify availability of inventory. Assigns units based on inventory and qualifications and notifies potential residents of acceptance of application. Prints and executes leases and related documents. Collects rents, deposits and bonds as required. Inspects assigned units with resident at move in and document requirements for repair. Issues keys and amenity passes, and explains requirements, rules, and regulations to new residents. Devises, implements, and participates in programs designed to promote assigned property in the community. Assesses comparable prices, specials, and amenities. Communicates with local employers, locators, other property managers, and residents, attends job fairs and other events to promote incentives and market the property. Recommends the implementation of creative marketing opportunities. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS - continued: Tracks and reports on periodic progress against leasing plan and expenditures budget, explains variances, and recommends action to be taken to ensure that actual revenues and expenses are consistent with plan. Prepares, updates, and issues forecasts. Provides resident services, responds to inquiries and enters work orders in computer system. Tracks and discharges completed work orders in computer system and files hard copy documentation. Responds to complaints from residents and works with staff and Community Director to ensure appropriate resolution and satisfaction. Collects rent payments from residents. Ensures that amount paid is accurate. Issues late rent notices and contact residents personally to collect late rent payments. Hand delivers notices to residents regarding actions to be taken related to rules infractions or past due rents or fees. Communicates with residents regarding renewal of leases and recertification of eligibility. Explains requirements, collects and validates documentation, and prepares forms to process and files renewals and recertifications in compliance with policy and statutory requirements. Responds to resident complaints associated with community issues. Investigates, resolves, and follows up with residents to ensure satisfaction of concerns. Assists to implement and execute resident activities including parties, orientations, training programs, and required resident service functions including job training, HOME seminars, health fairs, and financial counseling. Files documentation including work orders, notifications, documents received for pending applications or certifications, and other items in defined files and locations. OTHER DUTIES MAY INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO: Performs or assists with any duties or operations, as required to maintain workflow and to meet schedules and quality requirements. Maintains safe work area and complies with safety procedures and equipment operating rules, keeping work area and store materials and supplies in a safe, clean, and orderly condition. Participates in any variety of meetings and task force groups to integrate activities, communicate issues, obtain approvals, resolve problems, and maintain specified level of knowledge pertaining to new developments, requirements, and policies. Ensures that work is carried out in compliance with all company policy and regulatory requirements. Pay for this position is commensurate with experience of candidate. Company Description ConcordRENTS is a distinguished leader in providing a quality and customer-centric property management experience with a focus on affordable and market rate multifamily communities throughout Florida. Our continued success is based upon our exceptional team members. Join ConcordRENTS to advance your career while working for a company with over a 30-year history investing in maintaining our community and our team members while also enjoying industry-leading starting wages. ConcordRENTS is committed to creating a pathway to a minimum wage of at least $20 per hour within the first 6 months of satisfactory employment.In addition, we offer rental discounts ranging from 20% to 50% at participating communities for select team members. Our team members' commitment to the company is strengthened by ConcordRENTS belief that everyone has a right to earn a living wage and prepare themselves for a secure retirement. ConcordRENTS is proud to make continued investments in our valued team members by offering a rich 401-K program that includes a company match of up to $5,250 per year. Our 401-K program offers a company match of 150% on the first 3% invested by an eligible team member, with additional matching up to $5,250 annually. ConcordRENTS recognizes that the spirit of teamwork and community is the true key to our growth as a company. Our legacy is propelled by the ability to meet the needs of a changing market and to stay ahead of the competition, making ConcordRENTS a meaningful place to work. ConcordRENTS is a distinguished leader in providing a quality and customer-centric property management experience with a focus on affordable and market rate multifamily communities throughout Florida. Our continued success is based upon our exceptional team members. Join ConcordRENTS to advance your career while working for a company with over a 30-year history investing in maintaining our community and our team members while also enjoying industry-leading starting wages. ConcordRENTS is committed to creating a pathway to a minimum wage of at least $20 per hour within the first 6 months of satisfactory employment.In addition, we offer rental discounts ranging from 20% to 50% at participating communities for select team members. Our team members' commitment to the company is strengthened by ConcordRENTS belief that everyone has a right to earn a living wage and prepare themselves for a secure retirement. ConcordRENTS is proud to make continued investments in our valued team members by offering a rich 401-K program that includes a company match of up to $5,250 per year. Our 401-K program offers a company match of 150% on the first 3% invested by an eligible team member, with additional matching up to $5,250 annually. ConcordRENTS recognizes that the spirit of teamwork and community is the true key to our growth as a company. Our legacy is propelled by the ability to meet the needs of a changing market and to stay ahead of the competition, making ConcordRENTS a meaningful place to work.