Title: Account Representative II, Consumables Direct Sales
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description Amazon Services is seeking a dynamic and motivated Account Representative for our Consumables sales team. The Account Representative will be responsible for recruiting and launching businesses within the Grocery and Pets space. This person will be the primary point of contact for those companies throughout the entire sales process. The Account Representative will be chartered with developing and managing a sales pipeline mix of both high value and transaction-based accounts while executing sales strategies to secure deals that will exceed account acquisition and output goals. Specifically, this individual will be responsible for identifying and building relationships with key contributors and decision-makers within the senior management and executive teams of prospective accounts, along with internal stakeholders and cross- functional teams to create and present compelling Amazon solutions that meet and exceed customer requirements. As an organization, Amazon’s North American Seller Services is uniquely, highly influential by coordinating across Amazon customers, Amazon category teams and Amazon Sellers. Core Responsibilities Identify, qualify, acquire and grow seller commitment to Selling on Amazon programs. Analyze customer data and make recommendations in order to maximize the potential of the assigned territory. Execute successfully on the plan recommended. Implement and track metrics for recording the success and quality of the sellers in your territory. Use these metrics to guide your work and uncover hidden areas of opportunity. Prospect and close business to achieve quarterly quota targets Understand and utilize the right tools to track all pertinent account information and sales progress as well as forecast and prioritize to achieve quarterly quota goals. Develop a thorough understanding of the e-commerce industry and competitive environment including knowledge of competitive product offerings. Prioritize and complete additional projects while maintaining current book of business such as mentorship, competitive analysis, and sales analysis. Prepare and deliver business reviews regarding progress and state of health for the respective territory. Create and articulate compelling value propositions around the Selling on Amazon product. Develop a clear understanding of the Selling on Amazon products along with the features and functionalities. Assist internal partners to drive change, remove roadblocks and close business. Key job responsibilities Recruit new and holdout brands within category to sell in Amazon Stores.Provide account management, support and growth ideas to launched sellers within a calendar year, and improve its customer alignment and shopping experience.Act as customer and seller experience advocates within different Amazon teams to articulate anecdotes and help improve mechanisms. We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: Arlington, VA, USA | Seattle, WA, USA Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree or equivalent, or 3+ years of sales or marketing work (like e-commerce, retail technology, SaaS) or equivalent experience Preferred Qualifications 3+ years of inside sales experience Experience influencing at all levels within an organization, particularly at the executive level Experience exceeding sales targets using a consultative, solutions-focused approach or equivalent Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $55,200/year in our lowest geographic market up to $132,900/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site. Company - Amazon.com Services LLC Job ID: A2618797