Title: Phlebotomist
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Collects and prepares blood specimens and other samples for laboratory testing. Maintains collection areas and equipment and performs record keeping duties. Typically has completed a phlebotomy program or a medical laboratory technician program that includes phlebotomy. Responsibilities Phlebotomist is responsible for collecting blood specimens and pre-analytical processing of all incoming specimens and responsible for filing and charting patient results, including send out testing (post-analytical). Competent phlebotomy techniques for all 5 age levels. Demonstrates competency Demonstrates accuracy Adequate response on STATS and TIMED draws Demonstrates skills in Meditech system (ordering, admitting, access, and patient inquiry, charge/credit, printing and reporting). Specimens are dispatched to Main Lab are timely and correctly labeled. Proper phone usage Keep filing, log, tally sheets, and other forms current. Faxing and phoning of test results to Dr. (or as requested). Distribution of final reports Actively increasing computer skills. Performance of daily, weekly, and monthly phlebotomy tasks. Maintain a balance inventory of supplies/Cost consciousness. Insure drawing area is clean, organized and free of clutter. Understands chain of authority and doesn’t circumvent it. Supports and enforces NARMC Lab and HR Directives. Notifies Lab Director of all complaints and harmful conditions. Engages in Lab related activities during slack time. Clinical Ladder Level 1: trainee; might have experience or certification as a Medical Assistant or EMT. Level 2: Not certified or completed an accredited Phlebotomy program; has 1 year or more experience working as a phlebotomist. Level 3: Completed an accredited Phlebotomy program. Qualifications Required Education Preferred High school diploma or GED Level 3- Completed an accredited Phlebotomy program Experience Level 2- 1 year experience working as a phlebotomist Degrees, Licensure, And/or Certification BLS certification Level 1- Certified Medical Assistant or Licensed EMT Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities Computer skills Medical Terminology Must be able to read, write, speak and understand English