Title: SAP PRODUCTION AND REVENUE ACCOUNTING(PRA)PRINCIPAL CONSULTANT
Work Type: Full-time
Description: We help the world run better Our company culture is focused on helping our employees enable innovation by building breakthroughs together. How? We focus every day on building the foundation for tomorrow and creating a workplace that embraces differences, values flexibility, and is aligned to our purpose-driven and future-focused work. We offer a highly collaborative, caring team environment with a strong focus on learning and development, recognition for your individual contributions, and a variety of benefit options for you to choose from. Apply now! OIL AND GAS PRODUCTION AND REVENUE ACCOUNTING (PRA) – PRINCIPAL CONSULTANT Company Description SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. Position Summary The Production and Revenue Accounting (PRA) Principal Consultant is focused on the Oil and Gas Industry to facilitate the implementation and support of PRA and SAP Upstream O&G solutions and focus on the short and long-term strategic business benefits for our customers. You will help define our client’s core strategic road map and provide leadership in their digital transformation journey. Being a trusted advisor, you will understand the high-level business requirements of our customers and translate them into SAP solutions. Our vision is to drive business value and ultimately successful outcomes by helping our customers understand how best to leverage, implement, and sustain SAP solutions for the Oil and Gas Industry. Role Requirements You will define industry typical business processes and map customer processes to the related process levels. Furthermore, you will design the architecture based on process requirements, application, and system landscape. Finally, you will develop high-level roadmaps in conjunction with team members including the project manager. Must Have A minimum of 7 years SAP consulting experience in the Oil and Gas (O&G) Industry with a focus on Production and Revenue Accounting (PRA).Deep product expertise/business experience across multiple SAP solution areas (i.e. Tax and Royalty, Check Write, Production and Contract Allocation, Ownership, Revenue and Valuation, Joint Venture Accounting, etc.).Broad knowledge of the SAP IS-Oil Solutions and deep industry expertise (i.e. Upstream Operations Management, PRA, and JVA).Assist clients in achieving their Digital Transformation journey by leveraging S4HANA and helping define their strategic roadmaps.Provide our customers key insight and direction related to industry trends, best practices, and world-class solutions.Strong leadership skills with the ability to lead customer engagements at an executive level and manage teams within a project.Ability to provide thought leadership and resolve complex issues in escalated projects.Performance of feasibility studies, process design reviews and pre-sales support.Excellent interpersonal skills in areas such as teamwork, facilitation, and negotiation.Strong written, verbal communication and presentation skills; ability to present and discuss strategies and technical information in a manner that establishes rapport, persuades others, and establishes understanding for technical and non-technical audiences.Bachelor’s Degree – Master’s degree preferred but not required. Nice To Have Prior experience with SAP implementations on private cloud or hyperscalers.Experience in presales activities and ability to work with sales to produce a rough order of magnitude for scope items. Experience in integration with other SAP Application areas. We build breakthroughs together SAP innovations help more than 400,000 customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with 200 million users and more than 100,000 employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, we build breakthroughs, together. We win with inclusion SAP’s culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better and more equitable world. SAP is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provide accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team: Careers@sap.com. For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, age, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, et al), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or disability. Compensation Range Transparency: SAP believes the value of pay transparency contributes towards an honest and supportive culture and is a significant step toward demonstrating SAP’s commitment to pay equity. SAP provides the annualized compensation range inclusive of base salary and variable incentive target for the career level applicable to the posted role. The targeted combined range for this position is 146,000-326,100 USD. The actual amount to be offered to the successful candidate will be within that range, dependent upon the key aspects of each case which may include education, skills, experience, scope of the role, location, etc. as determined through the selection process. Any SAP variable incentive includes a targeted dollar amount and any actual payout amount is dependent on company and personal performance. Please reference this link for a summary of SAP benefits and eligibility requirements: SAP North America Benefits. Requisition ID: 372905