Title: Cashier Associate
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Southeastern Grocers is committed to a culture of belonging and fostering an inclusive environment where we celebrate differences. As a great place to work , we empower everyone to be their full, authentic selves. Read our Belonging, Inclusion and Diversity Statement here . Job Title: Cashier Associate Location: Retail Grocery Location Position Overview The cashier associate is responsible for increasing customer confidence and loyalty by providing accurate, fast and courteous customer checkout. This individual maintains financial responsibility in his/her service lane. Primary Responsibilities & Accountabilities Provide continuous attention to customer needs; greet, assist and thank customers in a prompt, courteous and friendly manner.Listen to and appropriately escalate customer concerns to management with a positive attitude.Manage lane according to service standards.Inform customers of specials and promotions as requested by company or store managementProperly record sales through the scanning system; operate cashiering equipment accurately and efficiently recognizing all forms of tender and providing the correct change when appropriate.Stock front end products; restock and use supply items efficiently to eliminate waste and to maintain the lowest supply cost.Put up discarded or returned merchandise.Return carts to shopping cart corral.Assist in training new cashiers.Keep work area clean, orderly and free from safety hazards; report faulty equipment and hazards to management.Notify management of associate theft, customer shoplifting, unauthorized mark-downs, property defacement or any action that is illegal and/or against company policy.Perform other job-related duties as assigned. Qualifications Minimum Meet legal and company policy age requirements to perform job functions.Ability to read, write and speak English proficiently.Ability to understand and follow English instructions.Authorization to work in the United States or the ability to obtain the same.Successful completion of pre-employment drug testing and background check. Preferred High standard of integrity and reliability. Required Behaviors Lives the Values by embracing the essence of the company demonstrating a commitment to the company’s goal and values.Unifies and motivates team through praise and recognition of success with immediate feedback to build an environment of trust. Business-driven showing passion for the business, delivering results consistently. Customer-orientated by passionately demonstrating that the customer comes first… always by putting the customer’s needs above all else. People Passion through consistently treating others with respect and dignity. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities Compliance with all company policies and procedures.