Title: Warehouse - Warehouse Lead
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Gypsum Management & Supply, Inc. (GMS) is the leading North American distributor of gypsum wallboard, acoustical ceiling products and other specialty building materials. Founded in 1971, GMS now operates an expansive network of distribution centers nationwide. Westside Building Material is a family-owned business started by Beulah and Evan Peckham in 1935 to serve the lath and plaster trades in the West Los Angeles area. The business survived throughout World War II and in the following years continued to flourish while adding new locations throughout California and Nevada. Today, Westside still remains a family owned and service-oriented business with a fourth-generation family member, Bill Peckham, currently managing the business. For more information about our family of companies, please visit gms.com or westsidebmc.com. Position Summary The primary function of the Warehouse Lead is to oversee distribution processes, assist customers and suppliers, manage and supervise employees, and ensure that safety regulations are met. Duties & Responsibilities Assists and leads assigned activities associated with warehouse operations.Responsible for managing the process of receiving, stocking, and quality control of all merchandise.Oversee and coordinate maintenance of equipment.Monitors performance and productivity to maximize operation excellence, which includes service, quality, and cost control.Maintain health and safety compliance in accordance with company policy.Responsible for organizing, planning, coordinating, facilitating, and managing all aspects of physical inventory and storage area.Assist with determining staffing levels and assigning workload; include training of warehouse staff.Maintain inventory controls through minimizing materials damage and ensuring order accuracy. Basic Qualifications High School diploma or GED. Demonstrated knowledge of construction industry and building materials.1-3 years of experience or more is preferred. Core Competencies Strive to do the right thing by displaying trust and integrity.Embody the principles of servant leadership, even in a non-people management role, by putting the needs of others first, valuing diverse perspectives by sincerely appreciating and considering others’ opinions and ideas and demonstrating a positive and humble attitude.Demonstrated ability to work independently and on a team; ability to lead, execute and/or delegate as needed, while also collaborating with others to get the job done.Establish and maintain effective working relationships at every level of the organization; invest in building relationships with the Field Operations and Field Support Center team members.Help champion an inclusive working environment; empower others to bring their full selves to the workplace; celebrate, welcome, and value the different backgrounds and experiences that make up our workforce; recognize that all team members are valued, regardless of race, background, tenure, or title.Ability to self-manage, show initiative, be proactive, and drive results.Communicate professionally, both verbally and in writing to coworkers and customers. Physical Requirements Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50% of the time.Will frequently move about inside the office and warehouse.Must be able to lift heavy building materials up to 50 lbs. for loading/unloading.Must be able to operate basic office machinery.Must be able to communicate with team and management and be able to exchange accurate information in these situations.Constantly in a warehouse environment. Required Cognitive Skills Must be able to problem solve and prioritize tasks.Must be able to manage stress depending on tasks.Must be able to multitask.Must be able to receive and analyze information.Must be able to quickly communicate solutions if problems occur.Must be able to demonstrate a high degree of sound judgement and initiative. Benefits & Perks Medical, Dental, Vision, Disability & Life InsuranceWellness Benefits401(k) Retirement PlanEmployee Stock Purchase ProgramPaid Holidays & Vacation DaysProfessional Growth OpportunitiesDevelopment & Training Programs Pay ranges from $23.00-$26.00/hour depending on experience. This job description is subject to change at any time. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER Launch your career with a national building materials distributor and discover opportunities for growth and advancement. We value our team members and believe them to be our greatest assets. As such, we invest in training and strive to provide a work-life balance. Apply Now