Title: Principal Network Engineer
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description Principal Network Engineer Bring your ideas. Make history. BNY Mellon offers an exciting array of future-forward careers at the intersection of business, finance, and technology. We are one of the world's top asset management and banking firms that manages trillions of dollars in assets, custody and/or administration. Known as the “bank of banks” - 97% of the world’s top banks work with us as we lead and serve our customers into the new era of digital. With over 238 years of rich history and industry firsts, BNY Mellon has been built upon our proven ability to evolve, lead, and drive new ideas at every turn. Today, we’re approximately 50,000 employees across 35 countries with a culture that empowers you to grow, take risks, experiment and be yourself. This is what is all about. We’re seeking a future team member in the role of Principal Network Engineer, Branch Lead. to join our TSG Network Services Build team team. This role is in Pittsburgh, PA or Lake Mary FL and will work a Hybrid schedule (2-3 days per week in-office required). Candidate must reside within a commutable distance to this work location, as we are unable to accommodate 100% virtual work. In this role, you’ll make an impact in the following ways: Perform network Design, implementation, and maintenance to the organization's branch network infrastructure, with a focus on MPLS, OSPF, and BGP protocols. Provide technical project management and leadership for initial network builds and expansions globally. Perform peer reviews and update configurations, runbooks, and standards for branch office programs. Apply the experience, leadership, and expertise to assist customers, partners, and our stakeholders in the support of the network and branch deliverables. Configuring and managing Catalyst hardware, including routers, switches, and Firewalls, to ensure optimal network performance. Conducting advanced troubleshooting and root cause analysis for complex network issues, ensuring swift resolution and minimal downtime. Collaborating with service providers to troubleshoot and resolve network connectivity and performance issues. Utilizing SolarWinds or similar network monitoring tools to proactively monitor and maintain network health, and to identify and address potential issues. Assess situations and perform proactive analytics for change to minimize issues before they evolve. Research and evaluate network solutions based on corporate standards and business requirements. To be successful in this role, we’re seeking the following: Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required; advanced degree preferred10-12 years of related experience required; experience. Strong management and leadership skills to help drive the network branch build team globally. Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) preferred or a related field experience. Demonstrating advanced proficiency in Cisco networking technologies. Extensive hands-on experience with MPLS, OSPF, BGP, and other routing protocols in a large-scale enterprise environment. Proficient in wireless design and implementation with Aruba or similar for WLC and AP LAN infrastructure. Proven expertise in configuring and troubleshooting Cisco Catalyst hardware, including routers, switches, and firewalls. Strong background in service provider troubleshooting, with the ability to effectively engage and collaborate with external vendors to resolve network issues. Proficiency in using network monitoring and management tools such as SolarWinds to monitor, diagnose, and maintain network infrastructure. Exceptional problem-solving skills and the ability to perform advanced troubleshooting to identify and resolve complex network issues. At BNY Mellon, our inclusive culture speaks for itself. Here’s a few of our awards: Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies & Top 20 for Diversity and Inclusion Bloomberg’s Gender Equality Index (GEI) Human Rights Campaign Foundation, 100% score Corporate Equality Index Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion , Disability: IN – 100% score 100 Best Workplaces for Innovators, Fast Company CDP’s Climate Change ‘A List’ Our Benefits BNY Mellon offers highly competitive compensation, benefits, and wellbeing programs rooted in a strong culture of excellence and our pay-for-performance philosophy. We provide access to flexible global resources and tools for your life’s journey. Focus on your health, foster your personal resilience, and reach your financial goals as a valued member of our team, along with generous paid leaves that can support you and your family through moments that matter. BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Underrepresented racial and ethnic groups/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans.