Title: Customer Care Specialist
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description: Brook + Whittle, one of the fastest-growing, sustainable, printing solutions companies, is currently seeking a full-time Customer Care Specialist. The position will be responsible for managing a portfolio of key customer accounts and building rapport through effective brand/ product communication to deliver on the customer's printed packaging needs. This is a unique opportunity for a self-motivated candidate who is eager to learn, has experience working in a customer-focused role, and possesses strong interpersonal and problem-solving skills. Ideal candidates will be proactive, detail-oriented and adept at managing high-level customer relationships while delivering topnotch service. Primary Duties and Responsibilities:Must possess a positive attitude, ability to work independently, support for teammates and leadership qualities that exemplify the Brook & Whittle model for excellent customer service. Acts as an effective liaison between Customer, Sales, Graphics, Manufacturing, Vendors and Management to ensure customer expectations are clear throughout the organization. Primary contact providing assistance to customers via phone, e-mail, webinar and occasional site visits. Daily communication with customers regarding projects, open orders, timelines, deliverables and all other customer service-related topics Processes orders and sends acknowledgments to clients, confirming job details, pricing and shipping dates. Facilitates customer project meetings with cross-functional departments in attendance to provide a quality product which meets/exceeds customer expectations. Interaction with the Art Department for customer artwork preparation Arranges color samples and job documents to support the manufacturing workflow Monitors open orders and proactively communicates about anticipated delays and any additional information as needed to support the client. Tracks shipped orders and forwards copies of BOL, Packing slip and COA documentation to customer upon completion of shipment. Confers with production, shipping, warehouse to expedite or trace missing or delayed shipments. Maintains information for customer profiles (account preferences), item specifications and all documents associated with account programs. Receives customer complaints and coordinates product return/complaint resolution with Quality Department. Participates in various training seminars, meetings and activities to ensure quality of daily service and to improve customer satisfaction and business performance. Prepares and maintains various reports as needed. Other Duties: Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a listing of all activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Requirements:Associates Degree strongly preferred 2 years of experience in printing or relatable business environment preferred 2 years of experience managing client accounts and personal relationships preferred Reading, writing, speaking and understanding English is required Competency in Microsoft Office Suite Competencies Customer focused Strong written and verbal communication skills Detail oriented Excellent planning and organizational skills Critical thinking and problem-solving aptitude Ability to comprehend and explain technical product / service information Work Environment & Physical Demands:Position is fast paced and operates in a clerical, office setting, routinely using standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers and filing cabinets. This is largely a sedentary role with some filing required. This would require the ability to lift files, open filing cabinets and bend or stand on a stool as necessary. Individuals may need to sit or stand for extended periods of time. Demonstrated excellence may result in hybrid work from home arrangements. PI239316152