Title: Sales Specialist
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: A position at White Cap isn’t your ordinary job. You’ll work in an exciting and diverse environment, meet interesting people, and have a variety of career opportunities. The White Cap family is committed to Building Trust on Every Job. We do this by being deeply knowledgeable, fully capable, and always dependable, and our associates are the driving force behind this commitment. Job Summary Play a crucial role in driving sales growth through engaging potential customers, nurturing leads, and converting them into sales opportunities. This position offers an exciting opportunity to contribute to the company's success while working in a fast-paced, results oriented environment. Major Tasks, Responsibilities And Key Accountabilities Proactively make outbound sales calls to an assigned list of ~300 potential and existing accounts to drive sales growth. Increase penetration within existing customers by increasing the number of categories sold. Establish and maintain strong relationships with key decision-makers, understanding their business challenges and objectives. Utilize CRM to manage customer interactions, record sales activities, and update customer information accurately and frequently. Create and manage sales pipeline, ensuring timely follow-ups and progression of leads through sales cycle. Corporate Initiatives and Sales Support: Execute corporate sales initiatives, promotions, and campaigns to drive sales growth (e.g., cross-sell, WC Rewards). Actively participate in sales meetings, training sessions, and workshops to enhance sales skills. Continuously improve personal knowledge of products, industry trends, and market conditions to effectively communicate value propositions to customers. Provide support and guidance to customers regarding product selection, specifications, and applications. Collaborate with internal teams, including sales managers and product specialists, to address customer inquiries, resolve issues, and ensure timely order fulfillment. Work in close-knit team environment with other Sales Specialists to drive both individual and team performance. Interpret and analyze KPI dashboards and sales reports to improve sales performance. Provide feedback and recommendations to management based on performance analysis and market trends. Nature and Scope Demonstrates skill in data analysis techniques by resolving missing/incomplete information and inconsistencies/anomalies in more complex research/data.Nature of work requires increasing independence; receives guidance only on unusual, complex problems or issues. Work review typically involves periodic review of output by a supervisor and/or direct customers of the process.May provide general guidance/direction to or train junior level support or professional personnel. Work Environment Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time. Education And Experience Typically requires BS/BA in a related discipline. Generally 2-5 years of experience in a related field OR MS/MA and generally 2-4 years of experience in a related field. Certification is required in some areas. Preferred Qualifications This position will be based in a White Cap branch: https://www.whitecap.com/locations3+ years’ experience in a sales role – REQUIRED.Strong sales and negotiation skills with a track record of achieving or exceeding sales targets.Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build customer relationships.Must have exceptional skills leveraging Salesforce or other CRM platforms and KPI dashboards to meet sales goals.Strong organizational skills to meet sales objectives.Construction industry experience is a plus.Must be comfortable working in a fast-paced environment.Self-motivated and results-oriented with a proactive approach to sales and business development. \ If you’re looking to play a role in building America, consider one of our open opportunities. We can’t wait to meet you. For New York Job Seekers Pay Range New York law requires the posting of the salary range for advertised jobs. This range is determined based on market data and internal pay practices to establish a minimum and maximum value for a job. Individual base pay is determined based on a variety of elements including experience, skills, internal equity and other factors. For additional details on benefits, please review the full job description on White Cap Jobs (https://whitecap.jobs/) Functional Area Sales Recruiter Frister, Sara Req ID WCJR-018983 White Cap is an Equal Opportunity Minority/Female/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veteran and Affirmative Action Employer. White Cap considers for employment and hires qualified candidates without regard to age, race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, protected veteran or disability status or any factor prohibited by law.