Title: Task Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: We consider applications for this position on an ongoing basis. Overview Experience a place of energy, passion, and excitement. A place where the joy of discovery and uncommon artistry blend to create exhilarating buying experiences—for true beauty enthusiasts. At Ulta Beauty, we’re transforming the world one shade, one lash, one cut at a time. Because beauty is powerful. If you seek greater purpose—a place of vision, mission, and lived values—where voices are heard, contributions valued and recognized and growth opportunities abound, consider Ulta Beauty. Nowhere else are the possibilities quite this beautiful. General Summary & Scope The Task Associate (TA) is responsible for delivering on operational excellence in support of sales drivers, which provide the foundation for delivering an exceptional experience for all Ulta Beauty guests. This is accomplished by keeping fixtures stocked with merchandise, maintaining overall store cleanliness and completing tasks as assigned. They support the Merchandise Manager (MM) and Operations Manager (OM) through a focus on performance (operational metrics), people (peers and guests), and process (operating procedures and compliance standards). This position requires attention to detail and the ability to follow processes and procedures. PRINCIPAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES (*Essential Job Functions) The TA is a champion of Ulta Beauty’s mission, vision, and values, and should demonstrate them skillfully and consistently by performing the following duties and responsibilities of the position (as well as all other projects/duties as assigned): Performance Contribute to meeting or exceeding the store’s retail goals by ensuring all tasks are executed as planned and product is available for purchase.Meet compliance and execution goals related to task dashboard and ensure the timely completion of all operational processes, including the shipment and replenishment processes, merchandise sets, and inventory counts and procedures. Maintain prompt, regular attendance. People Contribute to an inclusive environment that supports teammates, peers, and the internal and external guests served.Regularly participate in ongoing training, including brand and category education, to enable continuous professional development and drive sales performance. Process Be knowledgeable of and ensure compliance with Ulta Beauty’s policies, procedures, and standards.Adhere to Ulta Beauty’s dress code.Complete merchandise resets, planograms, marketing displays, physical inventory procedures, and processing shipment using Ulta Beauty’s technology and best practices.Drive operational excellence by keeping assigned work area replenished, signed, and faced, and ensuring testers are available.Maintain outstanding store standards and overall store cleanliness including salesfloor, restrooms, cashwrap, backroom, and break area.Protect company assets by following loss prevention best practices and providing exceptional guest service.Execute other operational tasks as directed. Job Qualifications Education High school diploma is preferred. Experience 1 year of relevant work experience or equivalent combination of education and relevant work experience preferred. Skills Proficient with basic technology (e.g., Point of Sale system and Apple devices)Ability to work independently and as part of a team.Ability to problem solve. Special Position Requirements Work a flexible schedule to include early morning shifts, days, evenings, weekends, overnights, and holidays WORKING CONDITIONS Continuous mobility throughout the store during shiftFrequent standing, bending, pulling, pushing, reaching, and twisting during shiftContinuous and/or frequent lifting, carrying and/or moving up to 25 lbs. during shiftContinuous coordination and manipulation of objects during shift If an associate has a disability that prevents them from performing an essential function of the job, the Company will engage in the interactive process with the associate to determine whether there is a reasonable accommodation that will enable the associate to perform the essential functions of the job. About At Ulta Beauty (NASDAQ: ULTA), the possibilities are beautiful. Ulta Beauty is the largest North American beauty retailer and the premier beauty destination for cosmetics, fragrance, skin care products, hair care products and salon services. We bring possibilities to life through the power of beauty each and every day in our stores and online with more than 25,000 products from approximately 500 well-established and emerging beauty brands across all categories and price points, including Ulta Beauty’s own private label. Ulta Beauty also offers a full-service salon in every store featuring—hair, skin, brow, and make-up services. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with arrest records, conviction records, or other criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of any applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, and the New York City Fair Chance Act.