Title: Program Editor
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: The E.W. Scripps Company is hiring for a Program Editor. They will be responsible for editing programs for content and readiness for air to meet company standards. WHAT YOU'LL DO: Editing the audio/video of movies and series for time and content using Adobe PremiereSegmenting movies/seriesPerform color correction where necessaryMonitor and correct audio levelsClosed captioning editingMasking /blurring video and editing audio to meet company requirementsCoordinate assignments with program operations WHAT YOU'LL NEED: Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience WHAT YOU'LL BRING: Previous editing experience with high familiarity of standard editing concepts, practices, and procedures within the television industry.Solid judgment to plan and accomplish goals.Fluent in editing software including desired. Must be highly organized; detail-oriented and possess excellent oral and written communication skills.Must be dependable, flexible and self-motivated while maintaining a standard of quality and integrity.Must be able to work flexible hours, including weekend and evening hours as necessary. If you are a current Scripps employee, please do not apply on this site. Please access our internal career site at Worklife > My Info > View Open Positions at Scripps. SCRIPPS' COMMITMENT TO EQUITY, DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION: At Scripps, we are committed to a diverse and inclusive culture that reflects the communities we serve. We are intentional about creating an environment where employees, our audiences and other stakeholders feel valued and inspired to reach their full potential and make authentic connections. We foster a workplace culture that embraces each person’s diversity, including the extent to which they are similar or different. Scripps leaders believe that an equitable and inclusive culture is not only the right thing to do, it is a business imperative. Read more about our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion at scripps.com. ABOUT SCRIPPS: The E.W. Scripps Company (NASDAQ: SSP) is a diversified media company focused on creating a better-informed world. As one of the nation’s largest local TV broadcasters, Scripps serves communities with quality, objective local journalism and operates a portfolio of more than 60 stations in 40+ markets. Scripps reaches households across the U.S. with national news outlets Scripps News and Court TV and popular entertainment brands ION, Bounce, Defy TV, Grit, ION Mystery and Laff. Scripps is the nation’s largest holder of broadcast spectrum. Scripps is the longtime steward of the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Founded in 1878, Scripps’ long-time motto is: “Give light and the people will find their own way.” As an equal employment opportunity employer, The E.W. Scripps Company and its affiliates do not discriminate in its employment decisions on the basis of race, sex, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender, color, religion, age, genetic information, medical condition, disability, marital status, citizenship or national origin, and military membership or veteran status, or on any other basis which would be in violation of any applicable federal, state or local law. Furthermore, the company will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship for the company.