Title: Admitting Representative (Per Diem)
Work Type: Full-time
Description: 1126762_RR00090093 Job ID: 1126762_RR00090093 NYU Langone Health is a world-class, patient-centered, integrated academic medical center, known for its excellence in clinical care, research, and education. It comprises more than 200 locations throughout the New York area, including five inpatient locations, a children's hospital, three emergency rooms and a level 1 trauma center. Also part of NYU Langone Health is the Laura and Isaac Perlmutter Cancer Center, a National Cancer Institute designated comprehensive cancer center, and NYU Grossman School of Medicine, which since 1841 has trained thousands of physicians and scientists who have helped to shape the course of medical history. At NYU Langone Health, equity, diversity, and inclusion are fundamental values. We strive to be a place where our exceptionally talented faculty, staff, and students of all identities can thrive. We embrace diversity, inclusion, and individual skills, ideas, and knowledge. For more information, go to nyulangone.org, and interact with us on LinkedIn, Glassdoor, Indeed, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Instagram. Position Summary We have an exciting opportunity to join our team as a Admitting Representative (Per Diem). In this role, the successful candidate accurately review, obtain and record all pertinent patient demographics and financial information, and provide and explain necessary information to patients, to facilitate their safe, efficient, and sensitive entry to care, in compliance with applicable standards, while ensuring accurate and through data are available for subsequent use and each patient encounter. Job Responsibilities Understands & performs ethically & effectively within established policies & procedures, in compliance with mandated standards for the Medical Center. Demonstrates by performance an understanding of relevant policies & procedures for the Medical Center, the division of finance, & Patient Access, can find correct policies, & can apply them. Abides by a clear code of ethics & behavior; chooses an ethical course of action when necessary & encourages others to do the same. Demonstrates by performance an understanding of the ethical, regulatory, & accreditation environment affecting Patient Access & the Medical Center, & ensures compliance within the department & the Medical Center, using all available means. Observes policy & procedures to protect patients privacy & rights as a patient in compliance with HIPAA & all relevant laws, regulations, & standards.Communicates effectively, courteously, & empathically with patients, families, & all internal & external customers of Patient Access. Demonstrates by performance a basic understanding of the patient experience of registration & entry into acute hospital care, so the registrar can provide efficient, effective, courteous, empathic & fastest possible entry into care for the patient. Demonstrates by performance an understanding of the specific concerns, & means of addressing them, that may be experienced by children & their parents/guardians when the child is entering care or when the adult or other family member is entering care. Provides sensitive and professional assistance to all patients and visitors, concerned about the specific needs of all our customers, including LGBT clients, deaf or HOH clients; and clients with limited English proficiency (LEP.) Is pleasant, courteous & professional when dealing with all internal or external customers, and communicates with them effectively & in a timely way. Responds to telephone & in-person requests for assistance with courtesy, professionalism, & sensitivity, following established procedures. Sends information to customers, using computer, mail, telephone, or fax.Uses good judgment & initiative, communicates effectively, & adapts to variations in workloads, assignments, & inter-personal situations as needed. Takes responsibility for accomplishing work within accepted timeframes; accepts responsibility for own actions, for those of the team or department; tries to learn from mistakes. Brings issues that must be brought to the attention of department management immediately or at the first available opportunity, as appropriate.Registers patients accurately, completely, & thoroughly. Validates patient identity using key identifiers and established procedures, reviews all previously obtained information for accuracy and completeness. Demonstrates effective interview skills & how to obtain complete & accurate data at a simple IP or OP or ED sign-in & full registration. Demonstrates by performance and explanation an understanding of the purposes for data obtained & verified at registration. Understands registration & insurance terminology, & how it may be understood by patients & other customers. Reports problems with department processes or technologies.Collects and verifies all necessary financial information for medical center services. Demonstrates by performance an understanding of the way in which third party payers (government, commercial, & others) provide health insurance to subscribers & pay for our services. Gathers and reviews all relevant data, including insurance cards and documents, to ensure correct reimbursement is obtained for medical center services. Selects correct financial classes & codes for each payer & plan, assigning or verifying primary & secondary payers correctly. Understands the notification of admission & verification of insurance eligibility and benefits & authorization, and implements these processes when necessary, using integrated online tools or by use of payer websites or phone.Collects patient payments due at the time of service, efficiently, effectively, and courteously. Demonstrates an understanding of patient payments owed at admission, why collection at TOS is important, & the different forms of payments we collect. Defines self-pay, co-pay, co-insurance, deductible, out of pocket limits, & related terms. Determines method of payment, starts conversations about payment with patients, & processes payment transactions, securely and with appropriate receipts, data entry, logs, and records of amounts collected or reasons for not collecting.Consistently uses all appropriate forms for each registration area & registration type. Provides and explains all required information to patients about their hospital experience, our services, and their rights. Obtains all required signatures. Demonstrates by explanation & performance a clear understanding of how to discuss safety & security of valuables & other patient belongings, as well as refer patients for discussion about other safety & security issues.Provides effective and sensitive customer service. Can define patients, families, physicians, billing, main departments with whom we interact regularly, & patient care units as customers, & list one value we create for each. Demonstrates by performance an understanding of good customer service, by assessing customer needs, providing quality service, & adjusting service based on customer satisfaction, seeking help as needed from experienced staff or department leadership. Knows when & how to escalate questions & concerns about specific individual & family needs.Accurately & thoroughly completes assigned tasks according to department and medical center standards, and helps colleagues as a reliable member of the team providing service to patients and other customers. Demonstrates ability to perform more than one activity at a time. Explains in simple terms the major goals & priorities of the department. Keeps track of details to ensure work is performed accurately & completely. Identifies quality standards for specific assignments & ensures that quality standards are met. Reports quality issues to appropriate individuals for corrective action. Consistently completes & submits all logs & records, keeps them up-to-date & readily accessible. Minimum Qualifications To qualify you must have a HS Diploma or equivalent. Minimum 1 -2 years of related office or retail experience including direct customer contact and service, or equivalent combination of education and experience. Verbal & reading skills, basic arithmetic skills; basic familiarity with computers; good interpersonal skills. Preferred Qualifications One year of health care registration or billing experience. College degree or coursework. Qualified candidates must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization. NYU Langone Health provides its staff with far more than just a place to work. Rather, we are an institution you can be proud of, an institution where you'll feel good about devoting your time and your talents. NYU Langone Health is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sex, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender dysphoria, national origin, age, religion, disability, military and veteran status, marital or parental status, citizenship status, genetic information or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. We require applications to be completed online. If you wish to view NYU Langone Health's EEO policies, please click here. Please click here to view the Federal "EEO is the law" poster or visit https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm for more information. NYU Langone Health provides a salary range to comply with the New York state Law on Salary Transparency in Job Advertisements. The salary range for the role is $27.47 - $27.47 Hourly. Actual salaries depend on a variety of factors, including experience, specialty, education, and hospital need. The salary range or contractual rate listed does not include bonuses/incentive, differential pay or other forms of compensation or benefits. To view the Pay Transparency Notice, please click here