Title: Maintenance Technician
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: About Mynd: Investing in real estate is one of the most reliable and powerful ways to build generational wealth. From Main Street to Wall Street, investors remain bullish on the long-term returns from residential real estate, especially the single-family home. More Americans are choosing to rent single-family homes for the convenience and low cost of entry. And a new breed of investors is opting to skip the starter home and buy investment properties instead, with a catch: they want to buy outside their own backyard, in fast-growing, mid-sized cities where the price is right and the returns are high. But investing in real estate isn’t easy - and doing it remotely is even more challenging. From finding the right assets in the right neighborhoods for the right price, to renovating, leasing and managing the property, to collecting rent and handling repairs, to ensuring you’re staying compliant with local laws and regulations, managing a remote investment portfolio can become a full-time job. That’s where Mynd comes in. We’re a tech-enabled property management and real estate investment company serving more than 18,000 homes across 26 markets. We help individual and institutional investors buy, renovate, market, manage and sell single-family homes. And we help our residents find safe, spacious, and low-maintenance homes from which to launch their lives. We bring together talent and expertise from real estate and tech to build a proprietary platform that is unmatched in our industry. Powerful workflows, AI tools and intuitive consumer apps help our teams deliver great service, make life easy for residents, and give investors powerful portfolio insights at their fingertips. We’re making it possible for a new generation of Americans to dream their way - decoupling the homes they live in from the homes they invest in. We’re grateful to have been named one of Fortune's “Best Places to Work” 2023, a Built-In SF Best Places to Work winner, the #1 fastest-growing company in the East Bay by the San Francisco Business Times, one of the 26 hottest proptech startups of 2023 by Business Insider, and one of America’s Best Startup Employers of 2023 per Forbes. We’ve attracted A players from Starwood Waypoint Homes, Opendoor, McKinsey, BCG, Amazon, Facebook, Upwork, WeWork, One Medical, and Zillow. We’re backed by top VCs, including Lightspeed, Canaan, and Jackson Square, and major institutional investors including Invesco Real Estate. Join us! About the Role: A Maintenance Technician is responsible for keeping the rental properties in excellent condition, both inside and out. The ideal candidate would be self-motivated, highly customer focused, technically skilled, fast moving, and technologically proficient. This position services multiple properties. Responsibilities Perform routine and preventive maintenance on apartments and single family homes, including units, common areas and amenitiesComplete thorough inspections of buildings, units and homes (including move-out, make ready, and onboarding inspections)Ensures heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) systems are operational. Performs HVAC tune-up, replaces fan motors, and capacitors.Perform preventive maintenance, property upkeep and repairsComplete internally managed service requestsPrepare vacant units for new move-insPerform quality assurance inspections of work completed by outside vendorsEnsure proper removal and disposal of trash, if neededUse a variety of hand and power toolsRespond to on-call and potentially after hours emergencies in a timely mannerWork in a safe manner and recognize unsafe situations. Take appropriate action to ensure safety of themselves and others in buildingOther duties as assigned Qualifications: High School diploma or GED equivalency required. Associates degree from a technical college preferred. HVAC Type II Certification required, Universal Certification preferredValid driver's license & reliable transportationTwo or more years of direct building maintenance experience strongly desiredTwo or more years in related experience as a contractor, construction worker, or mechanic required (Plumbing, electrical, HVAC, general, painters, etc.)Tools (hammer, screwdrivers, channel locks, multimeter, allen wrenches, pliers, knife, flashlight)Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal (written follow-up, ability to explain solutions to resident issues, etc.)Ability to prioritize, multitask and efficiently manage one's scheduleTech savvy with ability to learn and use systems for tracking, scheduling and communicationsAbility to use mobile applications and other tools for a variety of tasksExperience working with smart home technology (locks, thermostats, etc.)Positive, can-do attitude with a commitment to excellence and achieving goalsCan work effectively independently, and as a member of various teams and committeesFlexible schedule with ability to work evenings and weekends, if needed Work Environment: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, moving mechanical parts and vibration. The noise level in the work environment and job sites can be loud. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and listen. This position is very active and requires standing, walking, bending, kneeling, stooping, crouching, crawling, and climbing all day. The employee must frequently lift and/or move items over 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Other Duties: Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Being authorized to work in the U.S. is a precondition of employment and we are unable to sponsor H1-B Visas at this time. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation. Compensation: $25.00 - $30.00 hourly. The compensation range may be adjusted based on experience and location. At Mynd, we offer a robust, competitive & unique benefits package: Generous PTO policy13 Paid holidaysPaid Parental LeaveCash to purchase your own investment property through our “Project Investor Myndset” program401k Wellness and cell phone subsidiesVolunteer time offRobust health, dental, vision insurance, and moreSabbatical programEligible to participate in Mynd’s equity program At Mynd, we expect our team members to live and work by our values: Be MyndfulEarn trustTeam firstBe an A playerThink like an investor As part of our dedication to diversity, Mynd is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Individuals seeking employment at Mynd are considered without regard to race, ethnicity, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, physical or mental disability, registered domestic partner status, caregiver status, marital status, veteran or military status, citizenship status, or any other legally protected category.