Title: Sales Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Position Summary: Our Sales Manager has managing partnerresponsibilities for a team of 5-25 Executive Consultants in marketing J.Galt's SaaS memberships and consulting services. In addition, the ManagingPartner/Sales Manager represents J. Galt in attracting memberships throughchannel partners, strategic alliances, chambers of commerce, and state,trade, and professional associations. Our Mission: We believe in helping small and medium-sized businessessucceed. It is tragic that most business owners carry the credit needs oftheir business. They often rely on personal credit cards, or they signpersonally for the business to access the funding, equipment, or facilities thebusiness requires to operate. What We Do: J. Galt Finance Suite offers a SaaS platform and consultativeservices to small and medium-sized business owners. Our system includes aproven 7-step process to build credit for a business around the business EINwithout personal guarantees or using the owner’s personal credit profile. J. Galt is seeking six-figure sales talent and aggressive growth-orientedexecutives with a proven track record of success. Successful candidates willpossess a(n): • Minimum 10 years of successful business experience in a marketing-intensive business• Uncompromising need for top-level earnings• High energy, self-disciplined, self-starter with a positive attitude• Goal-oriented with a lifelong quest for personal development and career growth• Persuasive communication skills in oral & written form• Comfortable speaking in front of groups in person or virtually• Top-notch consultative sales skills• Comfortable marketing to professionals and C-level executives• Superior time management and organization skills and a desire to work from a home-based office• Professional appearance and demeanor• Passion to market a SaaS product that solves a small business owner's most vexing problem Why J. Galt? | What We Offer• 1st-year Earnings Expectations of $125k-$175k• Long-term Earnings Expectations of $350k+• Weekly Personal Production Earnings• Weekly Override Team Production Earnings• $7,500 Quick Start Bonus after 90 Days.• $5,000 Monthly Personal Performance Bonus• $5,000 Monthly Business Unit Performance Bonus• 5-Figure Quarterly and 6-Figure Annual Bonus Opportunities for Top Producers• Substantial opportunity for promotion and career advancement• Additional earnings from cross-promotion strategies with sister companies in the cost-reduction consulting space Promotion Opportunities: Chief Revenue Officer | Equity Stakeholder Main Duties & ResponsibilitiesThe Managing Partner contributes significantly to personal production,key channel relationships, as well as hiring, training, and developing ateam of 5-25 Executive Consultants. In summation, a Managing Partnerhas complete control of a J. Galt business credit consulting practice. Responsibilities Include:• Attracting memberships through channel partners• Forming strategic alliances with state, trade, and professional associations• Forming partnerships with chambers of commerce• In-person and virtual presentations• Delivering business credit seminars to groups of 5-50 business owners• Monitoring and improving the sales performance of direct reports• Developing sales strategies• Managing the sales process through the J. Galt Sales App• Leading team meetings• Meeting monthly, quarterly, and annual sales targets