Title: Administrative Support Assistant II
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Overview G.O. Services is a fully owned subsidiary of Gilbane and is looking for an Administrative Support Assistant. The Administrative Support Assistant II is responsible for helping to maintain organization in a construction management environment. The ideal candidate will be a highly motivated, upbeat, organized and service-oriented person who has fantastic people skills. Responsibilities Data entry Filing Scanning documents Managing calendars & schedules Completing other reporting projects as assigned Assisting in tracking & collecting HR documentation Compiling documentation for reporting and audits Extracting specified information or adding appropriate standard coding and attachments to documents Compiling simple summaries of information relating to documents processed Assisting in compliance for insurance & safety requirements Assisting timesheet collection, approval and other items related to the payroll process Locating and extracting information from files and records as requested Assisting equipment team with tracking inventory and producing corresponding documentation/reporting Preparing expense reports both paper and in electronic system Ordering and distributing supplies, PPE, technology, etc. Local travel required (weekly/as needed) Qualifications KEY COMPETENCIES Communicate Effectively - Listen to understand and clearly convey information in all forms based on the audience to ensure shared meaning of the message Act Inclusively - Ensure that actions and behaviors are respectful; show empathy and treat others with dignity. Leverage capabilities and insights of individuals with diverse perspectives, abilities and motivation. Solve Problems - Identify, prioritize and implement alternatives for a solution. Demonstrate Agility/ Adaptability - Maintain effectiveness and adjust to change by exploring the rationale, trying new approaches, and collaborating with others to make the change successful. Create an atmosphere of open-mindedness to change. Drive for Results - Show passion and commitment while delivering on business outcomes. Create a sense of individual ownership and accountability. Champion Innovation - Identify opportunities for new and improved ways of doing things that result in value added, unique and differentiated solutions. Experience/Education AS or BS degree 3 years of office experience in a construction related field Or equivalent combination of education and experience Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Strong communication skills Excellent organizational skills Ability to work in a team environment Proficient in Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, and Power Point Ability to travel locally using own transportation Salary to be determined by the education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities of the applicant, internal equity, and alignment with market data. For Providence, RI this ranges from $54,000.00 - $70,000.00 plus benefits and retirement program. For Boston, MA this ranges from $56,000.00 - $76,000.00 plus benefits and retirement program. G.O. Services offers an excellent total compensation package which includes competitive health and welfare benefits and a generous profit-sharing/401k plan. Qualified applicants who are offered a position must pass a pre-employment substance abuse test. G.O. Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or disability status.