Title: Project Specialist, Research Insights
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: This inclusive employer is a member of myGwork – the largest global platform for the LGBTQ+ business community. GLG’s Corporate Research Industrial & Growth team helps Industrial and Growth (Small Tech, FinTech, Retail CPG, etc.) companies by providing them with the insights that they need to handle the critical strategic decisions they face. The team creates and manages research projects to solve clients’ diverse challenges. Our team of quantitative and qualitative research specialists support all phases of a client engagement, from scoping to panel selection, quality review, and data oversight to meet our client’s objectives. GLG is seeking a highly motivated and enthusiastic individual to join the Research Team as a Project Specialist to work with our clients with industry leading companies in Technology, Industrials, Consumer Services companies. You will join a growing Corporate Research Team which collaborates with GLG’s sophisticated client base, including Fortune 100 companies, as well as colleagues throughout GLG. You will be responsible for participating in the creation and execution of qualitative and quantitative work that helps clients understand industry/market trends, gather end user feedback, test messaging/concepts, and more with some of the largest technology and payments companies in the world. GLG’s Corporate Research business helps companies across a wide variety of industries by providing them with the insights that they need to handle the critical strategy decisions they face. The team leverages its Survey, and Qualitative capabilities along with the world’s largest and most varied source of first-hand expertise to deliver quantitative and qualitative insights to inform their decisions in a highly custom environment. Specific Responsibilities Include (but Are Not Limited To) Project leadership: Serve as point-person for end-to-end survey execution; ensure the broader survey team’s resources are optimally utilized for the success of your project Thought leadership: Serve clients’ requests on their complex, fast-turnaround learning needs Client leadership: Partner with clients to best understand their survey needs and our capabilities; manage expectations appropriately and suggest new panels or ways in which to reach respondents; Work with internal GLG research/sales team to identify high potential client opportunities and how our survey product could be leveraged by clients At a Minimum, You Will Have The Following Bachelors degree or higher 2-4 years of market research and survey experience, including experience with online survey platforms (Decipher and/or Qualtrics) We would love if you also have most of these qualifications: Market research experience Experience mentoring and coaching junior team members Experience collaborating with team-members in a high-throughput, deadline-driven, process-oriented, client-servicing environment Superior writing, logic and interaction skills; including oral and organizational skills Experience managing a product team or book of business a plus Experience analyzing results and/or communicating research results to stakeholders a plus Management consulting or investment banking experience or a demonstrated strong understanding of professional services a plus What We Offer Benefits: All U.S. GLGers also have access to benefits such as: Comprehensive medical, dental and vision coverage effective on your first day of employmentFlexible paid time off. No pre-determined limits on vacation time, plus 10 company holidays401(k) and Roth 401(k) plans with an employer match (subject to annual limits & vesting)Tuition reimbursement program for eligible courses including language skills coursesPaid parental leave, adoption and surrogacy reimbursementFree wellbeing support with the Calm app, Maven and EAP, and free long-term therapy & counselling assistance through PathwaysOther work perks and benefits available based on final job location Working Environment: Flexible / Hybrid working arrangements typically requiring 2 days per week in office. Compensation: GLG is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. Actual compensation is based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, depth of experience, certifications, and specific work location. Certain roles may also be eligible for incentive compensation. The anticipated hiring base salary range for this role is:$59,600—$82,000 USD About GLG / Gerson Lehrman Group GLG is the world’s insight network. Our clients rely on GLG’s global team to connect with powerful insight across fields from our network of approximately 1 million experts (and the hundreds of new experts we recruit every day). We serve thousands of the world’s best businesses, from Fortune 500 corporations to leading technology companies to professional services firms and financial institutions. We connect our clients to the world’s largest and most varied source of first-hand expertise, including executives, scientists, academics, former public-sector leaders, and the foremost subject matter specialists. GLG’s industry-leading compliance framework allows clients to learn in a structured, auditable, and transparent way, consistent with their own internal compliance obligations and the highest professional ethical standards. Our compliance standards are a major competitive differentiator and key component of the company’s culture. To learn more, visit www.GLGinsights.com. Gerson Lehrman Group, Inc. (“GLG”) is an equal opportunity employer and will not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, race, religion, color, marital status, disability, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any classification protected by federal, state, or local law.