Title: Systems Administrator
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International, you’ll support Military and Government personnel through the Navy Continuous Training Environment as part of a team supporting global enterprise Navy operational and training networks across hundreds of shore-based sites and more than 120 ships. Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Systems Administrator to join our team onsite in Norfolk, Virginia supporting the Navy Continuous Training Environment (NCTE) Program. Duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to: Provide Tier 3 technical remote and onsite support and guidance to NCTE Range end-users, addressing IT-related issues and inquiries in a timely and professional manner. Diagnose and resolve complex technical issues related to system configurations and network connectivity for Range POR systems. Ensure compliance with security policies, procedures, and best practices, with a focus on maintaining a secure IT environment. Strong understanding of Group Policy Management and Active Directory in Windows environments. Experience writing standard operating procedures (SOPs) for IT systems and processes. Excellent troubleshooting skills and the ability to diagnose and resolve complex technical issues effectively Minimum Requirements: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field. 5 years of experience in system administration, with proficiency in both Linux and Windows environments. Must have CompTIA Security+ CE and either a VMware, Windows, or Linux OS certification. Experience with the following systems: TCTS, TCTS II, LATR, LITL, RTS, FURY,RADS, JDS, EWS, EWMux. Security Clearance Requirements: Active Secret Clearance with the ability to obtain a Top Secret. For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone. ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information.