Title: Part Time Sales (16 and 17 Years Old)
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Retail Sales Associate - Rising Star (Part-Time) This requisition is part of AutoZone’s Rising Star program for applicants 16-17 years of age. If you are 18+ years, please apply to any of our other open requisitions. Duties We welcome young talent to our organization. If you are 16 or 17 years old, our Rising Star program is the perfect opportunity to kick-start your career in retail. As a part-time Retail Sales Associate, you play a crucial role in creating an exceptional shopping experience for our customers. You’ll help drive sales through delivering WOW! Customer service by going the extra mile though understanding customer needs and solving their problems. You’ll perform daily assigned duties promptly and efficiently which include: Assist Customers and Operate Cash Registers: Use our system (Znet) to help customers find what they need and handle transactions. Stay up-to-date with product knowledge and promotions. Follow Company Policies: Adhere to company guidelines and loss prevention measures. Maintain Safety Standards: Keep the workplace safe by using Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Keep the Store Presentable: Restock merchandise and ensure products are in their designated areas while maintaining store appearance and merchandising standards. Support Car Maintenance: Help diagnose car issues and assist with wiper blade, battery, and light bulb installations. Effective Communication: Share customer concerns and employee matters with managers. Develop Customer Service Skills: Actively work on improving your service skills. Honest Recommendations: Gain automotive knowledge and provide trustworthy advice on the best products for our customers. Requirements Effective communication and decision-making skills.Ability to lift and load merchandise.Ability to work a flexible schedule to meet the business needs, including holidays, evenings and weekend shifts. Benefits At AutoZone AutoZone cares about people. That’s why AutoZone offers thoughtful benefits programs with one-on-one benefit guidance designed to improve AutoZoners’ physical, mental and financial wellbeing. Some of these benefits for part-time roles include: Competitive pay. Unrivaled company culture. Medical, dental & vision plans Exclusive Discounts and Perks, including AutoZone In-store discount. 401(k) with Company match and Stock Purchase Plan. AutoZoners Living Well Programs for mental and physical health. Opportunities for career growth. Eligibility and waiting period requirements may apply; benefits for Autozoners in Puerto Rico, Hawaii or the U.S. Virgin Islands may differ. Learn more about all that AutoZone has to offer at careers.autozone.com An ONLINE APPLICATION is REQUIRED. Click the Apply button to complete your application. For step-by-step instructions on how to apply visit careers.autozone.com/candidateresources Please note: We continuously accept applications for this position. Our hiring managers frequently review submissions and will contact you if we think you are a good fit for our team. Compensation Range (USD): MIN 15.0 - MID 15.15 - MAX 15.3