Title: Imaging Tech Assistant
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Overview F airview Health Services is hiring an Imaging Tech Assistant to join our MRI department at our M Health Fairview St. John's Hospital location in Maplewood, MN. Schedule: This position will work a casual schedule. The shift length will be 8 hours on the day/evening shift. About Fairview Fairview Health Services is an industry-leading, award-winning nonprofit that offers an entire network of healthcare services. Fairview is one part of M Health Fairview, a partnership between the University of Minnesota, M Physicians and Fairview Health Services. Together, we combine the University’s deep history of clinical innovation and training with Fairview’s extensive roots in community medicine. Our care portfolio includes community hospitals, academic hospitals, primary and specialty care clinics, senior facilities, facilitated living centers, rehabilitation centers, home health care services, counseling, pharmacies, and benefit management services. Apply today to join our 34,000+ employees and 5,000+ system providers working to build last relationships with the people we serve: our patients, our communities, and each other! Responsibilities Job Description The Imaging Tech Assistant supports the Imaging Department. This includes, but is not limited to scheduling, retrieval, scan, and import/burn CD. Assist patients in preparation for their imaging exams. Assists Technologist in day-to-day functions. Ensure patient exams have clear signed orders prior to scheduling. Works closely with other departments (Emergency Department, Med Surg/ICU, OB, Clinics, etc.) with miscellaneous tasks and services to provide standard processes and top service to our internal and external customers. Patient care Assists the technologist in the preparation of patient for radiology procedures as needed Ensures patient safety and emergency preparedness and documents patient information Assists Technologist in the Imaging modalities area as needed with scheduling, checking in and patient care needs Pre-Schedules patients in the Imaging modalities area Provides support in confirmation of patient demographics and insurance verification processes Imaging archival duties Imports outside imaging to electronic medical record Burns CDs for Providers and patients and scans hard-copy paper documents to the patient’s medical record as needed Retrieves/ films from film library Performs outbound calls from the Imaging work queue, to assist in scheduling pending exams and practices accurate identification of all patient information Rooms and supplies Assists in the cleaning, maintenance, stocking and preparation of rooms ensures that supplies are ordered and maintained Adheres to radiology polices and infection control standards Radiology Information System Navigates PACS, EMR and Radiant with ease Schedules/Checks in/arrives patients for their imaging appointments Uses Imaging Work Queue and b urning / Importing of CD’s and scans documents into the EMR Acts as a patient care representative Greets and prepares patients for imaging exams and transports imaging patients as needed for efficiency purposes Aids' patients with completing pre-contrast CT and pre-MRI Safety questionnaires Prepares contrast for examinations and assists in positioning patients for Radiological Examinations, excluding holding during imaging acquisition Qualifications Required: Radiology Technology student or Imaging experience in specific modality or Nursing Assistant. Radiation Safety trained. Level II MRI trained, Medical terminology. EEO Statement EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled: All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to any lawfully protected status