Title: Auto Glass Installation Technician Trainee
Experience Level: Internship
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Does this position interest you? You should apply – even if you don’t match every single requirement! We're known as an auto glass company. That's the focus of what we do. But beyond the glass, we're so much more. We'll help you build a fulfilling career and encourage you to have a life. Let us be the best place you'll ever work. Do you like to be challenged? Have natural mechanical ability? Work independently, but also as part of a team with opportunities for growth and advancement? Join Safelite as an Auto Glass Technician Trainee — the first step in becoming a certified auto glass technician on a nationally recognized team of expert installers! We’ll train you to install and repair auto glass, recalibrate car safety systems and provide service so great, it’s memorable. And you’ll get paid to learn it all! We’re more than just a glass company. We empower our associates with the support they need to be efficient, to problem-solve and have an eye for detail, and most importantly, to deliver quality service and bring a little unexpected happiness to people’s lives. This isn’t your typical desk job! You’ll be outdoors, working with your hands, and yes, that means working in an ever-changing environment with all sorts of weather conditions. It’s time to start that new career you’ve been thinking about. Invest in yourself and learn more about our 3-month paid training program. Once on the job, your pay is evaluated every six months to ensure you’re rewarded for outstanding performance! As a Technician Trainee you will: Be paid to learn and apprentice the Safelite way, through hands-on and classroom training, including:Installing and repairing auto glassRecalibrating automotive safety systemsProviding additional services & productsStudy and pass testing to become a Safelite-certified Technician showing proficiency in installations, embracing a positive attitude and following taught techniques.Safely operate a company vehicle and company-issued tools utilized throughout the workday. What you’ll get: Competitive weekly pay starting at $22.84/hour, increasing to $26.24/hour after training and certification.Earn $5/set of wiper blades when added for customer safety.Potential to be promoted in your first year! Earn up to $30.84/hour as a Senior Tech & up to $33.01/hour as a Master Tech. Technician career levels determined based on performance metrics demonstrating efficiency, quality, and customer satisfaction.A benefits package valued at more than $10k*. Includes 401(k) plan with company matching, medical plans, paid time off, holidays & volunteer days.Program to buy additional PTO or sell unused time up to 16 hours.Up to $5,250 annually in tuition reimbursement.Paid training and all the tools and resources you'll need to be successful.View all our health, wealth, and life offerings at www.safelitebenefits.com. What you’ll need: (Not sure if you meet all the requirements? We encourage you to apply!) Must be 18 years of age or olderValid state-issued driver’s license requiredComfortable working outside (in a wide variety of weather conditions) on your feet for extended periodsAbility to work scheduled days, with flexibility on start and end times to accommodate customer’s needsAbility to regularly lift up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift up to 50 poundsHigh school diploma/GED/equivalent preferred; ability to read & write Base Pay Range Min - Max (in $USD): $19.75 - $19.75 -- Internal Associates: Already a member of the Safelite team? Apply through your Workday account by searching 'Find Open Jobs'. Diversity: Safelite welcomes everyone. We value our diverse workforce and suppliers, and we’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Learn more at Safelite.com/Careers. Benefit amounts are estimates only. Actual values will depend on benefit elections during enrollment. This position description is not all inclusive for every aspect of this role. Reasonable accommodation will be made for individuals covered by ADA, ADEA, FMLA and other laws and regulations in accordance with their requirements. Physical and mental demands are not and should not be construed to be job qualification standards, but are illustrated to help the employer, employee and/or applicant identify tasks where reasonable accommodations may need to be made when an otherwise qualified person is unable to perform the job's essential duties because of an ADA disability. Other qualifications may be required to ensure employment eligibility in accordance with local laws and regulations and with Safelite Group, Inc. policies and practices. --