Title: Machine Operator
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Do you have at least one year of machine operator experience and are ready for a fresh start? Staffmark is hiring an experienced Machine Operator in Westville, OK, for an outstanding company specializing in integrated piping systems for the distribution and control of liquids and gases. Our client creates mission-critical technologies for ground-breaking industries and everyday life. Keep reading to learn more and how to apply today! Pay: $16.02 per hour 2nd Shift Hours: 3:30 pm-12:30 am, Monday-Friday The Machine Operator will be responsible for monitoring all machine-specific functions such as configuring the equipment, loading and operating the machines, and optimizing the machine's capability. You will perform timely quality checks, be trained to operate all machines, and ensure production goals are being met. Lifting requirements for this role are up to 30 pounds. The services you offer are not without uplifting benefits and perks to show our appreciation for your time and energy! Weekly PayMedical, Dental, Vision, and Life insurance401kEmployee Discount ProgramsShort-term DisabilityReferral Bonus PotentialA Casual Dress Code Still reading this ad? Then you must be interested! Hit that 'Apply Now' button and we will be in touch! After you have applied, download our Staffmark Group WorkNOW App to receive real-time job offers and apply for additional opportunities. You can download it from the App Store or get it on Google Play. About Staffmark Staffmark is committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, medical condition, genetic information, mental and physical disability, political affiliation, union membership, status as a parent, military or veteran status or other non-merit based factors. We will provide reasonable accommodations throughout the application, interviewing and employment process. If you require a reasonable accommodation, contact us. Staffmark is an E-Verify employer. This policy is applicable to all phases of the employment relationship, including hiring, transfers, promotions, training, terminations, working conditions, compensation, benefits, and other terms and conditions of employment. All employees are directed to familiarize themselves with this policy and to act in accordance with it. All decisions with respect to employment matters and other phases of employer-temporary employee relationships will be in keeping with this policy and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.