Title: Executive Assistant
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Evolution Networks is seeking a highly motivated and flexible Executive Assistant to provide support for multiple lines of business within the company. The successful candidate will be highly organized, extremely detail oriented, self-motivated, able to handle confidential information, as well as a demonstrated ability to respond effectively to changing workloads and priorities. They must have the ability to communicate well and to manage multiple assignments and people simultaneously. The ideal candidate will have the demonstrated ability to respond effectively and efficiently while maintaining flexibility. The candidate will possess the ability to complete a high volume of tasks with minimal guidance or supervision. Key to the position is the ability to be organized, prioritized and on time while also serving as a "go to" for all areas of responsibility. The position requires the capacity to work successfully in a team environment, build effective working relationships inside and outside of the group and maintain a comprehensive awareness of the organization. This position will work closely with CEO of Evolution Networks. High levels of integrity and discretion in handling confidential information, and professionalism in dealing with senior professionals inside and outside the company is required. In addition, exceptional written and oral communication skills, high attention to detail, bias for action, detailed planning, time management, problem solving and organizational skills are required. Key responsibilities include: • Management of complex calendar and scheduling requirements • Ownership of meeting agendas, notes & event planning • Tracking key deliverables • Coordinating domestic and international travel • Processing expense reimbursements • Assisting with onboarding of new hires and interns • Updating organizational charts • Space management • Assist with multiple outside vendors such as websites and social media consultants • Bookkeeping and inventory supply ordering and purchase record keeping Basic Qualifications • 3+ years administrative support experience. • Experience managing multiple calendars. • Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Outlook • Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Sharepoint and Powerpoint • Ability to quickly learn organizational structure and the objectives of the team. • Strong organizational and communication skills, team-orientated philosophy, and problem solving skills. • High levels of integrity and discretion in handling confidential information. • Ability to work in a highly ambiguous environment; self-motivated. • Proven success meeting deadlines and driving a high volume of tasks with minimal direction. • Ability to prioritize and handle multiple assignments at any given time. • US citizenship or permanent residency required Preferred Qualifications • Preferred qualifications • Terrific work ethic accompanied by an ever-positive, get-it-done attitude. • Sound judgment and flexibility in balancing competing priorities. • Proven results in using good judgment and streamlining efforts for more efficient processes adding overall value. • Must demonstrate passion and enthusiasm for customer experience and Evo’s vision • Sense of humor and ability to work while having fun!