Title: Director of Firearm Suicide Prevention Policy, Stoneleigh Fellowship (anywhere in PA)
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Director of Firearm Suicide Prevention Policy, Stoneleigh Fellowship CeaseFirePA, Pennsylvania’s leading state-based gun violence prevention advocacy organization, is hiring an inaugural Director of Firearm Suicide Prevention Policy to build a comprehensive approach to Pennsylvania’s firearm suicide crisis through a policy, messaging, and coalition strategy. The Director will be a part of the Stoneleigh Foundation Fellowship Program, exceptional leaders who work within and alongside systems to catalyze change. More on CeaseFirePA and the issue:CeaseFirePA envisions a world where people in every community across the Commonwealth feel safe from gun violence because they are safe. Tragically, gun violence takes the lives of nearly 1,900 Pennsylvanians every year, and many are stunned to learn that more than half of gun fatalities in Pennsylvania are suicides. Rural communities, in particular, lose loved ones to suicide on an alarming level, with the Poconos and Southwest Pennsylvania coal country experiencing gun death rates that rival major cities like Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. The high rate of firearm suicide is rarely mentioned on the news or in conversations, which leads to a misconception in the public that mass shootings and community violence are the largest sources of gun deaths. Firearm suicides must be a major part of the conversation around gun violence prevention solutions. CeaseFirePA is working to address this misconception and build a comprehensive program to address this crisis, and the Director will be leading the charge. Over our two decades of work we have expanded background checks, disarmed abusers, won $180 million for community-based violence prevention programs, and launched powerful coalitions standing against gun violence. We have become Pennsylvania's leading organization working to end this public health crisis as we fight illegal trafficking, boost funding for safer communities, and save the next life from suicide. The position:The Director of Firearm Suicide Prevention Policy, Stoneleigh Fellowship will develop a comprehensive approach to preventing firearm suicide, including researching the issue, developing a comprehensive set of policy positions, engaging key stakeholders, and beginning to shift the understanding of this crisis in rural Pennsylvania. The Director will build a new initiative, integrated across CeaseFirePA’s team, and be at the helm of creating the first state-level gun violence program around an issue under-prioritized in the state and national gun violence prevention community. Your responsibilities will include:Researching the scope of the crisis in PA to help communities and decision-makers understand it.Developing a comprehensive policy, messaging, and coalition strategy to prevent firearm suicides in PA, integrating it across our current programs to end gun violence.Building and coordinating a statewide policy coalition focused on addressing firearm suicide. This will involve reaching out to, building relationships with, and engaging potential allies in rural and suburban communities, especially including veterans, suicide experts, hunters, law enforcement, faith leaders, and doctors.Tell powerful stories of how suicide is impacting rural communities through CeaseFirePA's "Deadly By Design" project to start to shift rural communities’ understanding of gun violence, its connection to gun high ownership rates, and the need for action.Working with our communications team, develop a messaging framework to ensure we are effectively and consistently increasing the publics understanding of firearm suicide and potential solutions across all of CeaseFirePA’s work.Discussing the crisis with media, partners, and key communities to enhance local recognition of this crisis and elevate discussion of it.Collaborate with a team of organizers and advocates to help as they work with public health, veteran, law enforcement, and faith partners in their communities and programs;As we move toward lobbying on policy positions, working with allies and victims, present narratives and testimony to decision-makers. What we’re looking for in you:You have eight or more years of work experience in relevant fields including at least five years of experience in policy, advocacy, community engagement, or organizing. You have a background in coalition building and working with allies or stakeholders.You have a background in research, ideally including in a policy context.You are a relationship-builder and enjoy spending time attending events, on the phone and video to identify and meet potential supporters.You have strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills.You pay close attention to detail and like getting the details right.You enjoy managing several projects at the same time.You are passionate about curbing gun violence and firearm suicide prevention, and working for social justice to build a better world.You have a commitment to and experience working with people from a variety of backgrounds, including different ethnic, racial, socio-economic, rural communities, and religious backgrounds, as well as the LGBTQ+ community. It’s also helpful if you’ve worked with a wide range of constituencies with varying viewpoints such as law enforcement, faith leaders, or gun owners.Not required, but it is strongly preferred if you have experience in firearm suicide prevention work or direct personal experience.Also not required, but it’s ideal if you have launched a new initiative.It’s ideal if you have some experience working or living in rural communities. More about our team: CeaseFirePA is made up of people from a variety of backgrounds including staff from legislative offices, advocacy organizations, nonprofits, as well as survivors, youth, parents, and others who care deeply about these issues. We pride ourselves on being a welcoming place for people of color, members of the LGBTQ+ community, parents, empty-nesters, and more. More about the Stoneleigh Foundation: The Stoneleigh Foundation was founded in 2006 by John and Chara Haas to improve the life outcomes of our community’s youth. The Foundation meets our mission by awarding Fellowships to exceptional leaders who advance change in the systems that serve these young people. You can read more here: https://stoneleighfoundation.org/ DETAILS: Candidates can be based anywhere in (or open to relocating to anywhere in) Pennsylvania. We have offices in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh and, for candidates based in those locations, staff are expected to work in a local office with an average of 2 days a week in the office to connect with other team members and coordinate activities. This is a full-time position and you will report to the CeaseFire PA Executive Director, and be accountable to the Stoneleigh Foundation as well.You will also work closely with CeaseFirePA’s Chief of Staff, Campaign Director, and our organizing staff. This position requires a 3-year commitment through the Stoneleigh Foundation Fellowship Program. CeaseFirePA requires its staff to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19, based on CDC guidelines, to help protect our staff, allies, volunteers, and family members. SALARY & BENEFITS: Salary is $80,000-$90,000, depending on ability and experience. We have an excellent benefits package for full-time staff, including fully covered health care for them and one dependent, paid time off, a retirement plan with matching support, and a training stipend. TO APPLY: Please visit https://www.ceasefirepa.org/about-us/careers/ and click on the position, hit the “Apply Now” button and complete our application. Please include your resume and let us know how you heard about the job. The application deadline is Tuesday, April 30th, but please apply as soon as possible. CeaseFire PA is working with Rooted Edge Consulting to coordinate this search. We strongly encourage all interested individuals to apply and allow us to evaluate the knowledge, skills, and abilities you demonstrate using an intentional equity lens. Research suggests that women; Indigenous, Black, Asian, Pacific Islanders, other persons of color; and individuals with differing abilities are less likely than men and white job-seekers to apply for positions unless they are confident they meet 100% of the listed qualifications. If you’re interested, we want to hear from you. CeaseFirePA provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. We value a diverse workforce. CeaseFirePA encourages women, people of color, persons with disabilities, people with records of arrest or conviction, veterans, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individuals to apply.