Title: Supply Planning Lead
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description Kenvue is currently recruiting for- Supply Planning Lead Who We Are At Kenvue, we realize the extraordinary power of everyday care. Built on over a century of heritage and rooted in science, we’re the house of iconic brands - including Neutrogena, Aveeno, Tylenol, Listerine, Johnson’s and BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages that you already know and love. Science is our passion; care is our talent. Our global team is made up of ~ 22,000 diverse and brilliant people, passionate about insights, innovation and committed to delivering the best products to our customers. With expertise and empathy, being a Kenvuer means having the power to impact the life of millions of people every day. We put people first, care fiercely, earn trust with science and solve with courage – and have brilliant opportunities waiting for you! Join us in shaping our future–and yours. Role reports to- Supply Planning Manager Location- Skillman, NJ (Kenvue’s corporate headquarters is currently located in Skillman NJ, but is scheduled to move to Summit, NJ in or around early 2025.) Travel - 10% Payrange- $88,000- 142,600 What You Will Do The Supply Planning Lead is responsible for administering production schedules, analyzing product demand and sales patterns, identifying raw material and component requirements, monitoring planning modules, and ensuring timely delivery of products. You will also anticipate production issues, review capacity loads, and prepare production reports. Additionally, you will support new product launch meetings and forecasts- Key Responsibilities Develop and implement supply planning strategies to ensure efficient and effective inventory management. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to optimize supply chain processes and minimize costs. Analyze demand forecasts and inventory levels to identify potential risks and opportunities. Lead and mentor a team of supply planning professionals to achieve departmental goals. Stay up-to-date with industry trends and best practices to continuously improve supply planning processes. Define and execute a supply planning strategy that aligns with the company's overall business goals and objectives Lead and manage a team of supply chain professionals to ensure the successful execution of the supply planning strategy Develop and maintain strong relationships with key stakeholders across the organization, including Demand Planning, Operations , Quality, & Project Management teams Continuously analyze and optimize supply chain operations to improve efficiency and reduce costs Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop and implement new supply chain initiatives Monitor and report on key performance indicators (KPIs) related to supply chain performance Lead the development and implementation of new supply chain technologies and systems Ensure compliance with all relevant regulations and standards Provide leadership and guidance to team members to ensure their professional growth and development Job Qualifications What we are looking for Required Qualifications Bachelor's degree in supply chain management, business administration, or a related field. 6+ years of experience in supply chain management, with a focus on supply planningStrong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Desired Qualifications Proven track record of success in leading and managing supply chain teamsAbility to work collaboratively with cross-functional teamsExperience with supply chain technology systems and toolsKnowledge of industry trends and best practicesAbility to think strategically and develop long-term plansProfessional certifications in Agile, supply chain management, or related fields are preferred What’s In It For You Annual base salary for new hires in this position ranges from $88,000 to $142,600 This takes into account a number of factors including work location, the candidate’s skills, experience, education level & other job-related factors. Competitive Total Rewards Package* Paid Company Holidays, Paid Vacation, Volunteer Time & More! Learning & Development Opportunities Employee Resource Groups This list could vary based on location/region Note- Total Rewards at Kenvue include salary, bonus (if applicable) and benefits. Your Talent Access Partner will be able to share more about our total rewards offerings and the specific salary range for the relevant location(s) during the recruitment & hiring process. Kenvue is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment based on business needs, job requirements, and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Primary Location NA-US-New Jersey-Skillman Travel Yes, 10 % of the Time Job Function Production Planning Organization Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.