Title: BBW Asst Mgr-CROSSROADS PLAZA
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description At Bath & Body Works, everyone belongs. We are committed to creating a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture focused on delivering exceptional fragrances and experiences to our customers. We focus on recruiting, retaining, and advancing diverse talent where our associate population is as diverse as the communities we serve, live and work. In addition, we work to improve our communities and our planet in a way that will make us proud for years to come because we believe the world is a brighter, happier place when everyone has access to the things that make them happy. We invite you to join Gingham Nation, where we invest in our associates through competitive compensation, benefits, and development opportunities, so they can continue to be their best at work, at home, and in their communities. Our store leaders are the front line of our field leadership team: they’re retail and customer-savvy, dedicated brand ambassadors and thrive on the connections we make with our customers. As an Assistant Store Manager, you will enjoy the opportunity to work in partnership with the Store manager to develop outstanding associates, deliver exceptional and consistent customer experiences, and positively impact growth across Bath & Body Works. Responsibilities Attract, hire, develop, inspire, and retain top talentTeach, coach, and train to improve the success and selling potential of all associatesEffectively and fairly lead and drive high-performance of all associatesSet and reinforce clear and concise performance expectations, results goals, and accountability with all associatesBuild a highly satisfied and loyal customer base through engagement, conversion and gathering customer phone and e-mail informationMeet payroll targets by ensuring appropriate sales floor coverage and maintaining a selling focusImplement and sustain magazine direction to optimize business and bring the product story to lifeConsistently lead the focus on delivering emotionally engaging customer experiences while implementing sales strategiesPartner with the members of the sales leadership team to support action plans that optimize results and ensure effective execution of operational activitiesMaintain policies and proceduresIncorporate Asset Protection and safety messages into daily operations Bath & Body works is proud to offer a competitive, performance-based compensation and benefits package to our eligible associates. Benefits include a merchandise discount, a no cost mental health and well-being program, health coverage with a variety of plans to choose from, and flexible and affordable saving programs. We also offer flexible scheduling and opportunities for paid time off. Visit bbwbenefits.com for details. View Benefits Information Qualifications Qualifications & Experience Prior experience in leading teams in a customer-based sales environmentProven track record driving sales resultsStrong communication and ability to foster a customer centric selling cultureAble to provide in the moment coaching to associatesAvailability for varied weekly shifts including weekend, closing and peak periodsPrior sales management experience preferred Education: High School Diploma or GED Certificate Core Competencies Lead with Curiosity & HumilityBuild High Performing Teams for Today & TomorrowInfluence & Inspire with Vision & PurposeObserve, Engage & ConnectStrive to Achieve Operational ExcellenceDeliver Business Results The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with arrest records, conviction records, or other criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of any applicable state and local laws. Please see links: Los Angeles Fair Chance In Hiring Ordinance, Philadelphia Fair Chance Law, San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not make employment decisions based on an individual’s race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, protected veteran status or any other legally protected status, and we comply with all laws concerning nondiscriminatory employment practices. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for associates and job applicants with disabilities. Our management team is dedicated to ensuring fulfillment of this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, associate activities and general treatment during employment. We only hire individuals authorized for employment in the United States. Category: Store: Management