Title: Physical Therapy Assistant
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: When you join the growing BILH team, you're not just taking a job, you’re making a difference in people’s lives. Job Type: Regular Scheduled Hours: 40 Work Shift: Day (United States of America) Job Description: What You'll Do: Under the direction of a Registered Physical Therapist (RPT), the Physical Therapy Assistant will provide physical therapy services to patients in their place of residence. The PTA will implement selected components of individualized treatment programs and discharge plans in accordance with the plan of care. More Specifically: Review the plan of care with the supervising RPT and accept delegated tasks within the limits of his or her capabilities and considering legal, regulatory, and ethical guidelines. Perform selected visits/interventions as directed by the RPT. Monitor patient’s response to the established plan of care and consult with the RPT if re-evaluation is required. Participate in educating the patient and family in therapeutic exercise programs, functional activities and the use of assistive devices. Respect and support patient and family’s cultural beliefs and values, individual needs, health goals and treatment preferences. Communicate with the RPT regarding the patient’s needs and reports any changes in the patient’s condition. Ensure effective care coordination by maintaining contact with patients, supervising RPT and multidisciplinary clinical team. Practice confidentiality principles set by the agency and federal HIPAA guidelines. Completes documentation in accordance with agency timeliness policies. What You'll Need: Associates degree from CAPTE accredited Physical Therapy Assistant Program. Current licensure to practice Physical Therapy Assistant in the state of Massachusetts. Active American Health Association BLS. Two years of experience as a Physical Therapy Assistant in an acute care, rehab or home health setting. What You'll Get: A highly competitive salary and benefits package, including generous PTO, 403(b), and tuition reimbursement. A reasonable geographic territory with strong clinical support resources. A highly inclusive, diverse team that values the input of all staff to provide excellent patient care. FLSA Status: Non-Exempt As a health care organization, we have a responsibility to do everything in our power to care for and protect our patients, our colleagues and our communities. Beth Israel Lahey Health requires that all staff be vaccinated against influenza (flu) and COVID-19 as a condition of employment. Learn more about this requirement. More than 35,000 people working together. Nurses, doctors, technicians, therapists, researchers, teachers and more, making a difference in patients' lives. Your skill and compassion can make us even stronger. Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled