Title: Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA)
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Position Details Employment Status: Full-TimeSalary: 21.00 - 24.37 HourlyShift: Day Full-time, evenings or nights. 8-hour, rotating schedule. Life Care Center of Federal Way is a long-term care and post-acute care facility. Well known for its extraordinary customer service, high quality nursing and therapy services, high employee morale & retention, as well as it’s beautiful lakeside view. Come and grow with us! We are affiliated with Life Care Centers of America, which is a privately owned 47-year industry leader in healthcare with more than 200 locations across the U.S. We are currently seeking a qualified Certified Nursing Assistant (C N A) to add to our team of professionals. We believe that every job in our company plays a vital role in our continued growth and commitment to provide quality patient care. We believe in providing our associates with opportunities to help them reach their maximum potential through working with strong multidisciplinary teams. We invite you to come and join our growing team. As an important member of our interdisciplinary team, the CNA is responsible for providing routine daily nursing care to assigned patients in accordance with all applicable laws, regulations, and Life Care standards. Your daily responsibilities will be to deliver direct care to patients (bathing, feeding, grooming, toileting, etc.) as directed. Join our team and help make a difference in the lives of our patients and family members. Education, Experience, And Licensure Requirements High school diploma or equivalentGraduate of a State-approved CNA programCurrently registered/licensed in applicable State. Must maintain an active license in good standing throughout employment. One (1) year skilled nursing experience preferredCPR certification upon hire or obtain during orientation. CPR certification must remain current during employment. Specific Job Requirements Make independent decisions when circumstances warrant such actionExhibit excellent customer service and a positive attitude towards patientsCommunicate and function productively on an interdisciplinary teamMaintain professional working relationships with all associates, vendors, etc. An Equal Opportunity Employer