Title: Meat & Poultry Inspector - East/Northeast Missouri
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Location: East/Northeast Missouri- Candidates must be domiciled or be willing to relocate to one of the following counties: Lincoln/Pike/St. Charles Why You’ll Love This Position The Missouri Department of Agriculture’s Meat and Poultry Inspection Program (MDA’s MPIP) works closely with meat and poultry processors, livestock producers, and retailers to ensure only safe, wholesome, properly labeled meat and poultry products enter commerce. Through protecting consumer confidence and providing outreach to small businesses, MDA’s MPIP supports the MDA’s mission: to serve, promote, and protect the agricultural producers, processors, and consumers of Missouri’s food, fuel, and fiber products. The candidate for this position will work in meat and poultry processing and/or slaughter establishments with the owners, managers, and employees of these establishments. Employees will be required to manage his/her time wisely in order to complete tasks and meet expectations set by their direct supervisor. Odd work hours and schedule flexibility will be required with this position in order to meet inspection needs of assigned establishments. Strong work ethic, ability to stand on his/her feet for long periods of time, computer skills, technical writing, and reading comprehension are qualities this employee must possess. Duties will include, but not be limited to, enforcing rules and regulations related to the Federal Meat Inspection Act, Poultry Products Inspection Act, Methods of Humane Slaughter Act, and Missouri Revised Statutes. A background in HACCP (Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points) and regulatory work will be preferred in this candidate. Overnight stays may be expected of this employee.Three-week virtual training or in-person, out of state training may also be required of this employee. Additional trainings will also be provided to this employee as the opportunity or need arises. Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications Six (6) or more years of professional or technical experience in environmental public health work in one or more of the areas of special qualifying experience such as: (1) food sanitation and protection; (2) milk sanitation; (3) meat and poultry inspection; (4) sewage disposal; (5) solid waste disposal; (6) lodging sanitation; (7) institutional or child care facility sanitation; (8) community environmental sanitation; (9) water supply; (10) general vector control; (11) occupational health; (12) consumer product safety; (13) fire safety; (14) hazardous substance risk assessment; (15) recreational waters; and (16) building related illnesses; (17) or related field. Experience can come from a combination of direct work experience and completion of a bachelor’s degree program with a specialization in one of the areas above. Special Requirements The employee may be expected to obtain certification by federal or state agencies for specialized duties, if required for the assignment involved. Please note that documentation that supports your eligibility (i.e. transcripts, employment records, etc.) may be required at any time during the application and hiring process. If you do not possess the minimum qualifications, please consider one of many other employment opportunities with the State of Missouri. Lack of post‐secondary education will not be used as the sole basis denying consideration to any applicant. The State of Missouri offers an excellent benefits package that includes a defined pension plan, generous amounts of leave and holiday time, and eligibility for health insurance coverage. Your total compensation is more than the dollars you receive in your paycheck. To help demonstrate the value of working for the State of Missouri, we have created an interactive Total Compensation Calculator. This tool provides a comprehensive view of benefits and more that are offered to prospective employees. The Total Compensation Calculator and other applicant resources can be found here . If you have questions about this position please contact: hr@mda.mo.gov