Title: Assistant Community Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Overview Looking for something different? We ARE that something different at RPM Living. Dynamic and fast growth culture and multiple nationwide opportunities let YOU shape your future with us. Top industry pay and benefits, best industry practices, career training and education, people-first focus...… we show you the way to success. The position: The Assistant Community Manager will assist in overseeing day-to-day operations at one of our apartment communities. They are responsible for effectively computing, classifying and recording numerical data to keep financial records complete while assisting with the leasing, marketing, and resident relations for the community. Responsibilities Performs marketing and leasing functions to maintain budgeted or greater occupancy for the propertyImplements effective resident retention programs, such as move-in and service follow up Maintains good resident relations and the ability to respond to resident concerns to avoid escalation of the problemCollect rents and make daily deposits and reconciliations monthlyEnforce rent collection policyResponsible for processing invoicesMonitor renewals. Distribute and follow-up on renewal notices.Prepare paperwork for move-ins in a timely manner and in accordance with the properties housing regulations and RPM's policiesProduce monthly reports for Property Manager Qualifications Related multi-family property management experienceExperience with YARDI software a plusStrong leadership and management skills are essentialAbility to work a flexible schedule, including evenings and weekendsA current, valid Driver License is required Employment with RPM Living is contingent upon successful completion of a background check and possess a valid driver's license. RPM Living is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This job title is associated with Assistant Manager, Assistant Property Manager, and/or Assistant Business Manager. Company Information Join RPM Living and experience exceptional benefits designed to enhance your life. Weekly pay for all associates working onsite at an apartment community Comprehensive healthcare coverage available for all full-time, regular associates Employer paid employee assistance, mental health, and wellness programs Ancillary benefits including critical illness, hospital indemnity, and accident insurance 401(k) with robust company match Opportunities for progressional development career growth and role-based learning plans Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging (DEIB) and multiple Employee Resource Groups (ERG) Paid time off plus floating holidays and volunteer days Discounted Perks (Costco membership, movie tickets, health & wellness, entertainment & travel discounts) RPM Living participates in E-Verify. For more information, see the E-Verify Participation Poster and the Right to Work Poster .