Title: Marketing Analyst
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: At Manifest, we create rich content experiences that drive brand transformation. We are a proudly independent, full-service agency with a 40-year history of innovation in the content discipline. Our team has been honored numerous times as Content Agency of the Year, we’ve won an Effie for Sustained Success and Digiday’s Content Agency Partner of the Year -- to name just a few accolades. We pride ourselves on collaboration without restraint and don’t just hire people who fit, we hire disruptors who add to our culture. We embrace different backgrounds and experiences, differing opinions, discussion, productive debate and earned trust. And our commitment to inclusion across race, gender, gender identity or expression, age, religion, identity, disability status, sexual orientation, national origin, and experience drives us forward. Let’s chat. We are hiring a Marketing Analyst to join our collaborative and progressive analytics team. This position is for you if you’re a curious, analytical person, fascinated by marketing and consumer behavior, with a compulsion to understand why. You see a problem and your mind starts racing with possibilities to solve it. You've got strong opinions about marketing, digital strategies, content, and media, and you're not afraid to share them. You’re comfortable in a crowd: presenting to high profile clients, advocating with other internal stakeholders for your ideas, and displaying the tenacity to make incremental improvements everywhere you look. The annual salary range for this role in the NYC market is $75,000k - $95,000 in base pay, exclusive of any bonuses or benefits, and the base pay offered will be determined on a case-by-case basis based on experience, skills, training, certifications, education, etc., and will be informed by market data. This role is hybrid -- candidates must be local to one of our four offices: Chicago, D.C., NYC, or Phoenix. Responsibilities● Dive deep into the performance analysis of our agency's flagship account, using a variety of tools ranging from site analytics to data from paid and owned channels.● Craft biweekly, monthly, and quarterly reports that unveil intriguing trends and insights, paving the way for strategic recommendations that make an impact.● Collaborate closely with both internal and client teams, inspiring and guiding them to develop and execute strategies that elevate campaigns, all backed by thorough research and analysis of performance metrics.● Unleash your creativity by exploring social listening tools and tapping into third-party data sources, fueling the ideation and creation of compelling content.● Learn our agency's cutting-edge BI stack, including Funnel, Snowflake, and Sigma. Be at the forefront of innovation by building dynamic dashboards to suit our evolving needs. Requirements● 1-2 years of hands-on experience in analytics, with at least 1 year focused on marketing.● Proficiency in using Web Analytics platforms such as GA4, Adobe Experience Cloud, or similar tools.● Familiarity with various ad platforms (e.g., Meta, X, Google Ads) to extract and analyze performance data effectively.● Proficiency in tag management solutions like Google Tag Manager, ensuring seamless data tracking and management.● Possess a keen sense for data interpretation, integrity, and analysis.● Be adaptable and flexible, with a collaborative nature capable of managing multiple projects simultaneously.● Display eagerness, ambition, and a relentless curiosity to learn and grow.● Strong written and verbal communication skills, coupled with the ability to effectively engage with clients. Nice to Haves● Experience in conducting A/B testing and a passion for experimenting with different strategies.● Experience in using query languages like SQL and RegEx, enabling you to extract valuable insights from complex datasets.● Hands-on experience and proficiency with ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) tools for organizing data in a relational database.● Proficiency in data visualization tools such as Tableau, showcasing your ability to translate raw data into visually engaging and informative dashboards.