Title: HR | Payroll Consultant
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: The Search Stops Here®. True Talent Group ™ (www.truetalentgroup.com) connects best in class talent with jobs they love. We’re on the hunt for a talented Business Development Manager to join our growing team! This is an amazing opportunity for an entrepreneurial and collaborative talent who loves consulting with clients on hiring needs, matchmaking and driving business growth! We’d love if this person was in MN, but open to talent in the Midwest! We're looking for a skilled Part-Time Payroll and HR Consultant to join our team. You'll handle various HR and payroll tasks, such as onboarding new hires, managing payroll processes, and supporting HR initiatives. We need someone with strong organizational skills, impeccable attention to detail, a sense of urgency, and a thorough understanding of HR policies and procedures. Responsibilities: Payroll Processingand review time tracking and approvals to ensure accuracy and completeness in our CRM.wages, deductions, and withholdings.payroll bi-weekly accurately and on time.payroll-related queries from employees. HR Administrationemployee records, ensuring compliance with relevant regulations.in developing and implementing HR policies and procedures.to employee inquiries about HR policies, benefits, and related matters. Benefits Administrationemployees with benefits enrollment and changes.with benefit providers to resolve any issues and discrepancies. Complianceupdated with federal, state, and local employment laws and regulations.compliance with all relevant laws and regulations in HR and payroll activities. ReportingGenerate reports on payroll, employee benefits and other HR metrics as required. QualificationsA bachelor's degree in human resources, business administration, or a related field is preferred.Experience in payroll processing and/or HR administration (ADP or Paychex experience a plus)Grasp of payroll principles, practices, and regulations.Top notch organizational skillsDetailed oriented is who you are!Strong Microsoft 365 skills (Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook, etc).Handles sensitive information with discretion.Strong communication and interpersonal skills.Knowledge of the staffing industry preferred. ScheduleThis is a part-time role with flexible hours. Expect an average workload of 8-10 hours per week, with the possibility of increased hours during busy periods. About True Talent Group True Talent Group specializes in placing the BEST marketing, creative and digital talent in the twin cities. We are experts at connecting world class talent with jobs they love. We’re looking for expert talent who thrive in working in fast paced environments, have excellent interpersonal and communication skills, are self-directed, curious, are a master of their craft and love to continuously learn and grow. Our clients span various industries, including retail, healthcare, financial, non-profit, food and beverage, legal, consumer goods, marketing and creative agencies and others. Our services include contract, contract-to-hire, consulting, and full-time placements. Ready to make an exciting career change? Partner with True Talent Group today!