Title: ERP DT Functional Lead – Plan to Deliver (REMOTE)
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Date Posted: 2024-04-11 Country: United States of America Location: RTX99: RTN Remote, Texas Position Role Type: Hybrid RTX Corporation is an Aerospace and Defense company that provides advanced systems and services for commercial, military and government customers worldwide. It comprises three industry-leading businesses – Collins Aerospace Systems, Pratt & Whitney, and Raytheon. Its 185,000 employees enable the company to operate at the edge of known science as they imagine and deliver solutions that push the boundaries in quantum physics, electric propulsion, directed energy, hypersonics, avionics and cybersecurity. The company, formed in 2020 through the combination of Raytheon Company and the United Technologies Corporation aerospace businesses, is headquartered in Arlington, VA. To realize our full potential, RTX is committed to creating a company where all employees are respected, valued and supported in the pursuit of their goals. We know companies that embrace diversity in all its forms not only deliver stronger business results, but also become a force for good, fueling stronger business performance and greater opportunity for employees, partners, investors and communities to succeed. The following position is to join our RTX Corporate, Enterprise Services, Research Center or BBN team: RTX has an opening for an ERP DT Functional Lead – Plan To Deliver (Associate Director, Business Systems and Transformation). Remote Opportunity. We are seeking a skilled and experienced ERP Functional Lead to join our digital organization supporting the Plan to Deliver (P2D) workstream. As an ERP Lead, you will play a pivotal role in RTX's ERP transformation, shaping long-term company strategies in this area to achieve business results. Your expertise in end-to-end production planning through delivery processes, ERP system capabilities and implementations, and business collaboration will be essential in development of new business capabilities, streamlined processes, and transformative operational models. This is a key leadership position that requires strong technical proficiency, keen understanding of business process and requirements, strategic thinking, and the ability to collaborate across business units and functions. Job Responsibilities: Lead the Digital Technology activities for the Plan to Deliver workstream of the RTX ERP Transformation program throughout planning, design, development, testing, implementations and hypercare support. Facilitate creation of new and innovative solutions for complex business problems and opportunities within the P2D value stream and across functions and business units. Coordinate evaluations, assessments, alignment activities, and negotiations with internal and external parties to identify and align on new concepts, practices and streamlined approaches for the P2D workstream to achieve significant business value for RTX. Communicate with top executives regarding matters of critical and strategic importance to the organization. Frequently conduct briefings to executives both within and outside of the ERP Transformation program. Blueprinting responsibilities: Identify high value improvement opportunities within P2D functions and lead the definition of a future-state landscape of digital solutions and processes changes that enables RTX to realize those opportunities. Coordinate across business units and functions in documenting options and decision-making criteria. Evaluate technical solutions and make recommendations based on functional requirements, compliance and technical constraints, desired RTX operating model, and industry best practices. Lead requirements and design workshops with the Plan to Deliver workstream and represent the digital P2D perspective as needed in cross-functional decisions. DT Product Manager for P2D workstream Coordinate development, testing, dry runs, dress rehearsals, user readiness, cutover, and hypercare activities for DT support of the P2D workstream throughout the project stages Travel 10-25% average, ramping up to 50%+ at some points of the program schedule. Required Qualifications: Typically a minimum of 12+ years’ experience SAP Solutions and design and a bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of related work experience and schooling in lieu of degree; Advanced degree and 10+ years related work experience. 8+ years in the areas of planning, production, quality and logistics application implementations and support. ERP Expertise: In-depth knowledge and hands-on experience with SAP systems including system configuration, data management, and reporting capabilities plus Plan to DeliverExposure around planning, production, quality, and logistics processes and requirements for Aerospace and Defense companies. Experience in translating business needs into system requirements and process improvements. Compliance Mindset: Familiarity with relevant regulations, controls, and security measures. Experience implementing and maintaining compliance standards within an ERP system. Current U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. Citizens are authorized to access information under this program/contract. Preferred Qualifications: Communication and Collaboration: Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to effectively communicate complex concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Strong teamwork and collaboration skills. Problem-Solving: Demonstrated ability to identify system issues, troubleshoot problems, and propose effective solutions. Strong attention to detail and commitment to quality. Adaptability: Comfortable working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and quickly adapting to changing business needs and priorities. Travel 10-25% average, ramping up to 50%+ at some points of the program schedule. Required Education: Typically a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) or related discipline or equivalent combination of related work experience and schooling in lieu of degree What We Offer: Whether you’re just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, we offer a robust total rewards package with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits; career development and recognition programs. Some of the benefits we offer include parental (including paternal) leave, flexible work schedules, achievement awards, educational assistance and child/adult backup care. The salary range for this role is 143,000 USD - 287,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills. Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance. This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply. RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window. RTX is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms 01689722