Title: Field Requisition
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Healthcare Without RivalPremise Health is the world's leading direct healthcare provider and one of the largest digital providers in the country, serving over 11 million eligible lives across more than 2,500 of the largest commercial and municipal employers in the U.S. Premise partners with its clients to offer fully connected care – in-person and in the digital environment. It operates more than 800 onsite and nearsite wellness centers in 45 states and Guam, delivering care through the Digital Wellness Center and onsite, nearsite, mobile, and event solutions. Premise delivers value by simplifying complexity and breaking down barriers to give diverse member populations access to convenient, integrated, high-quality care. We offer more than 30 products, delivering the breadth and depth of care required to serve organizations' total populations. The result is healthcare that meets the needs of members and their families, helping them live healthier while lowering costs for organizations. Premise offers a wide range of dynamic, purpose-driven career opportunities. We are currently looking for a EMPLOYEE TYPE Medical Assistant to join our team in LOCATION (City, State).About the role: Assists in examination and treatment of patients under direction of Physician, Advanced Practitioner and/ or RN in compliance with state practice acts and regulations.Essential Functions: Interviews patients, measures vital signs, such as pulse rate, temperature, blood pressure, weight, and height, and records information on patients' chartsPrepares treatment rooms and patients for examinationCleans and sterilizes instrumentsInventories and orders medical supplies and materialsOperates electrocardiograph (EKG) and other equipment to administer routine diagnostic testsGives injections or treatments and performs routine laboratory testsSchedules appointments and makes follow up phone calls to patientsPerforms administrative tasks, completes appropriate client company and OSHA regulated forms, and provides assistance at front deskKeys data into computer to maintain clinic and patient recordsMay require other duties as assigned Job Requirements:National certification in Medical Assisting from a Premise Health approved organization OR Certificate/Diploma and Transcripts from an accredited Medical Assistant program with hands on externship completed and passed- total online courses are not acceptable.CPR (BLS for the Healthcare Provider/Professional Rescuer - the copy must include the front and back of card as applicable) Certification must include “hands on” evaluation of skills by the trainer/instructor. Total on-line courses will not be accepted. Course must also meet the American Heart Association (AHA) standards but need not be an AHA certificate.State Lab Certificate (NV only)CMA certification required from the American Association of Medical Assistants, the National Center of Competency Testing, the National Certification Medical Association, American Medical Technologists, or any other recognized certifying body approved by the Board of Medical Examiners. (South Carolina only)Previous Medical Assistant experience preferred.Preferred Experience:Knowledge of Internet software, Spreadsheet software and Word Processing software.Strong phlebotomy/venipuncture skillsKnowledge and experience with Electronic Medical Records preferred.Work-life balance is at the foundation of how decisions are made and where Premise is headed. We can only help people get, stay, and be well if we do the same for ourselves. In addition to competitive pay, Premise offers benefits packages including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, 401(k), paid holidays and vacation time, a company-sponsored wellness program, and much more our talent acquisition team will be happy to share with you.Premise Health is an equal opportunity employer; we value inclusion, and we do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status. For individuals living in California only, Premise Health is required to include an estimate of the salary and benefits for this role. While a number of factors influence salary, our estimated California compensation is $28.02-$31.13. Please note, this is a general guideline and your experience qualifications, geographic location, and other factors will be taken into consideration. For more information regarding the benefits we offer, please visit our career site, jobs.premisehealth.com/benefits