Title: Florida Blue, Consultant Ia - Business Support
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Must be available to travel. Expected travel includes 3 weeks out of the whole year to either of the following locations: North Carolina, California, Texas, and Florida.* Job Summary Consultants are seasoned, subject matter experts who apply specialized knowledge, typically as an individual contributor, in matters that require special interpretation or expertise. Incumbents use their discipline-specific and/or institutional knowledge to perform department activities. They participate in and/or lead critical, high-risk, complex initiatives, programs and projects, have frequent contact with internal and external business partners, facilitate/ influence strategic thinking and direction and influence peers and leaders across the organization to act on issues that have organization-wide impact. Incumbents may directly manage a small number of employees (two or less); the primary function of the role is consulting. The Consultant Ia will support the development and implementation of new IT capabilities and surrounding business processes as the Business Lead for these new solutions. This role’s primary function will be to provide detailed direction and SME support on behalf of the Customer Management Senior Leadership to ensure IT capability and business projects meet the defined scope, remain on track to meet deliverables and improve the overall customer experience of our members. In addition to participating as the business representative in IT development sessions, this role will assess, design and implement corresponding business processes that complement the IT capabilities that are being developed. This role is also responsible for managing ad hoc project and operational issues that are identified through the development and ongoing operations after implementation. Essential Functions Support the identification, alignment and implementation of strategy and process enhancements within existing processes, technology and resources and, ensure development projects remain on task and schedule to meet deliverable from both an IT and business perspective. Identify and assess risk, evaluate controls, and Enterprise operational impacts to processes. Prepares findings and recommendations. Responsible for synthesizing and communicating business needs/requirements to IT development teams in addition to providing prioritization and direction to IT partners as decision points are reached during the development process. Serve as subject matter expert and primary representative for business needs in scrum sessions with IT business partners, providing direction on concepts and feedback to development teams. Design and implement necessary business processes (e.g. workflow, control monitoring, exception processes, SOPs, DTPs etc.) corresponding to newly implemented vendor and IT capabilities. Act as the linkage between IT and business process development to ensure designs meet business needs to include adequate controls, reporting capabilities and necessary business process functionality. Support business development of new capabilities and functions by championing the capabilities through various key business partners/functions. Develop and maintain successful working relationships with business partners, development teams, vendor partners and Service Organization leadership. Leads or participates in annual business process mapping process with IT partners. Leads collaboration efforts to work through complexities associated with coordination across multiple areas, conflicting efforts and limited resources. Participates in monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of technology solutions, policies, practices, and processes and establishing metrics for released applications. Qualifications Required Work Experience 6+ years related work experience. Required Education Related Bachelor’s degree or additional related equivalent work experience Additional Requirements: Two or more years of business lead experience in executing complex initiatives Experience with business requirements and business process analysis to ensure IT solutions meet the needs with knowledge of system development concepts & methods Experience with multiple IT development processes and methodologies Strong knowledge and experience of the development of communications Experience managing multiple priorities and ability to facilitate adoption of changing priorities to consistently achieve business results and shape our culture Demonstrated ability to proactively identify, address and resolve complex issues through collaboration, negotiation and relationships Excellent communication skills including ability to explain complex technical concepts in a clear and concise manner to audiences with diverse knowledge base Preferred Requirements Experience and proficiency in the Enrollment & Billing environment and systems, including: EnrollPoint, SellPoint, Members Edge, RBMS and Siebel Experience in delivering initiatives aligned to the Maintain Eligibility journey Experience and proficiency in Ancillary platforms and products Demonstrated experience coordinating, providing direction to and ensuring contractual Service Level Agreements are met with vendors General Physical Demands Sedentary work: Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally to move objects. Jobs are sedentary if traversing activities are required only occasionally. What We Offer: As a Florida Blue employee, you will thrive in our Be Well, Work Well, GuideWell culture where being well as an individual, and working well as a team, are both important in serving our members and communities. To support your wellbeing, comprehensive benefits are offered. As an employee, you will have access to: Medical, dental, vision, life and global travel health insurance; Income protection benefits: life insurance, Short- and long-term disability programs; Leave programs to support personal circumstances; Retirement Savings Plan includes employer contribution and employer match; Paid time off, volunteer time off, and 11 holidays Additional voluntary benefits available; and A comprehensive wellness program Employee benefits are designed to align with federal and state employment laws. Benefits may vary based on the state in which work is performed. Benefits for intern, part-time and seasonal employees may differ. To support your financial wellbeing, we offer competitive pay as well as opportunities for incentive or commission compensation. We also conduct regular annual reviews with pay for performance considerations for base pay increases. Annualized Salary Range: $88,100 - $143,100 Typical Annualized Hiring Range: $88,100 - $110,100 Final pay will be determined with consideration of market competitiveness, internal equity, and the job-related knowledge, skills, training, and experience you bring. We are an Equal Opportunity/Protected Veteran/Disabled Employer committed to creating a diverse, inclusive and equitable culture for our employees and communities.