Title: Instrument Fitter I
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description Position Summary Instrument Fitters will work with both electrical and piping systems to install the required tubing and instruments for the system to be measured and/or controlled. Position Highlights: Must have 4+ years’ experience in instrumentationMust be able to read blueprints.Must be able to work on low and high-pressure tubing/piping systems.Must have toolsMust be able to work with precision instruments and tools.Must be willing to follow all company and project work policies and procedures. Responsibilities Position Duties: Will read prints and P&IDs to interpret the work to be completed, the required equipment, and required tools to perform assigned work.Will work with piping systems to install instrumentation in order for the system to work properly, be controlled, and/or monitored.Will work with precision tools to calibrate instrumentation and to adjust installed electrical and piping components.Will work with the installation, manipulation, and fabrication of piping and tubing according to specifications.May need to assist in other duties including but not limited to installing pipe, tubing, and piping/tubing components. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Must have 4+ years’ experience in instrumentation or illustrate the comparable level of knowledge.Required to have all journeymen tools and have experience with associated power tools.Must be able to measure, cut, bend, thread, assemble and install primary piping and tubing.Must be able to read and interpret drawings, blueprints and P & IDs.Must be able to check performance using testing and measuring. Instruments and make necessary adjustments.Must be able to work with low and high-pressure tubing/piping systems.Must have reliable transportation to and from work.Must be willing to follow all company and project policies, rules, and guidelines.Must be willing to assist in any additional qualified duties assigned. Preferred Qualifications: Current, ROF’ed, or Former Employee.Have formal education or vocational training.Experience in instrumentation on a new construction facility. Reporting to: This position does not have any direct reports. Physical Requirements Employee will be required to adhere to large amounts of standing, walking, bending, squatting, sitting and lifting. Will talk and hear to communicate. Will use arms and hands to signal, grab, hold, turn, push, and pull: objects, materials, controls and tools. May be required to pick up, lift, carry and move up to 50lbs. Will work at heights, climb ladders and stairways, and may occasionally work off of platforms/scaffolding using the appropriate fall protection requirements. Must be able to work in all weather conditions (including heat, rain, cold and wind) while wearing appropriate PPE.Will be required to wear personal protective equipment (PPE) including but not limited to: hard hat, safety glasses/spoggles, ear plugs, masks/respirators, hi-vis safety vests, leather gloves and leather steel-toed work boots. Required tools: List to be provided ZACHRY is dedicated to providing a Safe and Drug-Free work environment and is an Equal Opportunity Employer.