Title: Front Desk $16/ hr
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Summary Front Desk Agents are responsible for greeting and registering the guest providing outstanding guest service during their stay and settling the guest's account upon completion of their stay. Primary responsibilities include: registering guests making and modifying reservations hotel operator and concierge duties. Providing attentive courteous and efficient service to all guests prior to arrival and throughout their stay while maximizing room revenue and occupancy. Qualifications Responsibilities High School diploma or equivalent required; College course work in related field helpful. Experience in a hotel or a related field preferred. Possess a positive and upbeat personality with a desire to deliver outstanding customer service to our guests. Demonstrate the ability to multi-task be detail-oriented and be able to problem solve in order to effectively deal with internal and external customers. Must be able to convey information and ideas clearly. Must be able to evaluate and select among alternative courses of action quickly and accurately. Must work well in stressful high pressure situations. Must be effective in handling problems in the workplace including anticipating preventing identifying and solving problems as necessary. Must be effective at listening to understanding and clarifying the issues raised by co-workers and guests. Must be able to work with and understand financial information and data and basic arithmetic functions. Ability to perform numerical operations using basic counting adding subtracting multiplying and dividing Ability to read comprehend and write simple instructions and/or short correspondence and memos Ability to use logic to define the problem collect information establish facts draw valid conclusions interpret information and deal with abstract variables for unique or unfamiliar situations An operational knowledge of Microsoft Office suite Must be willing and have the ability to work a varied schedule that may include evenings nights weekends and holidays Holds an understanding of hotel products and guest services (i.e. lifestyle full service resort etc) Ability to participate in the creation of an enjoyable work environment Responsibilities Approach all encounters with guests and associates in a friendly service oriented manner.Maintain high standards of personal appearance and grooming which include wearing the proper uniform and name tag when working (per brand standards).Maintain regular attendance in compliance with Aimbridge Hospitality standards as required by scheduling which will vary according to the needs of the hotel.Comply at all times with Aimbridge Hospitality policies standards and regulations to encourage safe and efficient hotel operations.Greet and welcome all guests approaching the Front Desk in accordance with Aimbridge Hospitality standards; maintain a friendly and warm demeanor at all times.Maintain proper operation of the telephone switchboard and ensure that all Aimbridge Hospitality performance standards are met.Handle requests for information mail and messages in an efficient and courteous manner.Answer guest inquires about hotel service facilities and hours of operation.Answer inquiries from guests regarding restaurants transportation entertainment etc.Establish and maintain good communications and team work with fellow associates and other departments within the hotel.Be aware of all rates packages and special promotions; Be familiar with all in house groups; Be aware of closed out and restricted dates.Obtain all necessary information when taking room reservations and follow rate quoting scenario.Be familiar with all Aimbridge Hospitality policies and house rules as well as hospitality terminology.Have knowledge of and assist in emergency procedures as required.Handle check-ins and check-outs in a friendly efficient and courteous manner.Fully comprehend and be able to operate all relevant aspects of the Front Desk computer system.Ensure logging and delivery of packages mail and messages as needed to guests and meeting rooms.Use proper two-way radio etiquette at all times when communicating with other associates.As needed deliver guest items such as luggage newspapers messages packages amenities or other items requested by guests or team membersMaintain an up to date working knowledge of all property amenities as well as any special events local area attractions and things to do around the hotel.Perform other duties as assigned which may include but is not limited to the following: helping coworkers in other areas of the hotel maintaining a clean and organized work area and overall cleanliness and safety throughout the hotel and grounds Property Details Welcome to the Fairfield Inn & Suites Minneapolis Saint Paul Airport hotel. Whether you are here for business or leisure, we are sure to have everything you need. We are just minutes away from the Mall of America, Downtown St. Paul, events at Target Field, Xcel Energy Center – home of the Minnesota Wild, US Bank Stadium, and Minnesota Vikings training camp in Eagan MN. Company Overview As the global leader in third-party hotel management, our growing portfolio represents over 1,550 hotels in all 50 states and 22 countries, from top international lodging brands to luxury hotels, destination resorts and lifestyle hotels. Our associates around the globe are passionate about serving our guests and driving exceptional results, and thrive in a culture where everyone is inspired to be the best. Join a world of possibility with Aimbridge Hospitality. Benefits After an initial waiting period, those hired into full time positions are eligible for a competitive benefits package that includes the following: Now offering Daily Pay! Ask your Recruiter for more details Medical, Dental, and Vision Coverage Short-Term and Long-Term Disability Income Term Life and AD&D Insurance Paid Time Off Employee Assistance Program 401k Retirement Plan