Title: Patient Care Associate - DAY SHIFT - 4 Main
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Penn State Health - Holy Spirit Medical Center Location: US:PA:Camp HIll Work Type: Part-Time FTE: 0.60 Shift: Day Hours: 12-hour shifts Recruiter Contact: Samantha Leiss at sleiss@pennstatehealth.psu.edu SUMMARY OF POSITION: Under the direction of a Registered Nurse, contributes to the basic patient care activities and related non-professional services necessary in caring for the personal needs and comfort of the patient. Actual job tasks may vary depending on the unit or department assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATION(S): High School Diploma or equivalency required. BLS required prior to orientation completion. Must be obtained through Penn State Health or American Heart Association (AHA). PREFERRED QUALIFICATION(S): Excellent interpersonal skills to communicate effectively with hospital personnel and patient populationsAble to prioritize duties and work as a team member Displays empathy for patient needsConsistently demonstrates integrity, positive attitude, and respect for othersConsistently demonstrates integrity, positive attitude, and respect for others WHY PENN STATE HEALTH? Penn State Health offers exceptional opportunities to learn and grow, exposure to a wide patient population, and the ability to provide individualized, innovative, and specialized care to patients in the community. For more information: https://this.pennstatehealth.org/#thisIsPennStateHealth Penn State Health offers an exceptional benefits package including medical, dental and vision with no waiting period as well as a Total Rewards Program that highlights a few of the many additional offerings below: Be Well with Employee Wellness Programs, and Fitness Discounts (University Fitness Center, Peloton). Be Balanced with Generous Paid Time Off, Personal Time, and Paid Parental Leave. Be Secured with Retirement, Extended Illness Bank, Life Insurance, and Identity Theft Protection. Be Rewarded with Competitive Pay, Tuition Reimbursement, and PAWS UP employee recognition program. Be Supported by the HR Solution Center, Learning and Organizational Development and Virtual Benefits Orientation, Employee Exclusive Concierge Service for scheduling. For a full list with more detailed information: https://www.pennstatehealth.org/careers/working-here/total-rewards WHY PENN STATE HEALTH HOLY SPIRIT MEDICAL CENTER? Penn State Health Holy Spirit Medical Center brings acute inpatient medical services to the greater Harrisburg region with outpatient and inpatient locations in Cumberland, Dauphin, Perry, and Northern York counties. The facility features 312 beds, a four-story Ortenzio Heart Center, and around-the-clock complex critical care for those suffering from life-threatening injuries. YOU TAKE CARE OF THEM. WE’LL TAKE CARE OF YOU. State-of-the-art equipment, endless learning, and a culture of excellence – that’s Penn State Health. But what makes our healthcare award-winning? That’s all you. This job description is a general outline of duties performed and is not to be misconstrued as encompassing all duties performed within the position. All individuals (including current employees) selected for a position will undergo a background check appropriate for the position's responsibilities. Penn State Health is fundamentally committed to the diversity of our faculty and staff. We believe diversity is unapologetically expressing itself through every person's perspectives and lived experiences. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, national or ethnic origin, political affiliation, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, veteran status, and family medical or genetic information. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please call 717-531-8440 between the hours of 7:30 AM and 4:30 PM, Eastern Standard Time, Monday through Friday, email hrsolutions@pennstatehealth.psu.edu or download our Accommodation Instructions for Job Applicants PDF for more detailed steps for assistance.