Title: (US) Solutions Analyst - Clinical - 1 year Contract
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Contract
Description: For more than 20 years, PointClickCare has been the backbone of senior care. We’ve amassed the richest senior care dataset making our market density untouchable and our connections to the healthcare ecosystem exponentially more powerful than those of any other platform. With Collective Medical & Audacious Inquiry, we’ve become the most expansive, full-continuum care collaboration network, offering care teams immediate, point-of-care access to deep, real-time insights at every stage of a patient’s journey. For more information on PointClickCare, please connect with us on Glassdoor and LinkedIn. Position Summary Our Support team provides end-user support to our diverse base of professionals. Our team works as the first point of contact for a wide range of technology related issues. If you are looking for an opportunity to expand your technical skills and are passionate about delivering exceptional customer service – then, we certainly have the right opportunity for you! PointClickCare is currently looking for a motivated individual to join our team as the support analyst on the Clinical team. The successful candidate will be responsible for the following: Responsibilities Provide timely and world class customer support to users via multiple channels.Manage incoming support cases by prioritizing based on severity and or re-route to other departments as required.Take ownership and follow up on open cases which are unresolved. Build strong client relationships by following up with customers in a timely manner.Maintain knowledge articles for publishing on the support portal for customers to find frequently asked questions.Maintain records of daily communications, transactions, problems, and remedial actions taken in the CRM system.Support the department’s goals, objectives, and deliverables. Work shifts between 8am and 8pm as required. Core Competencies Ability to handle clients professionally and with a high level of confidence during all interactionsThe person in this role must be able to engaged the customer both over the phone as well as through written communication, and use their analytical skills to both understand and resolve customers' needs.Ability to work on concurrent tasks while effectively organizing, prioritizing, and coordinating work assignments for self and other team membersMust excel in a fast-paced environment where critical thinking and time management skills are required for successSound understanding of API and service technologies and functions Take initiatives and help establish a positive team environment built on mutual trust and respect Participate in the development and improvement of operational tools and processesDemonstrate personal leadership attributes by incorporating commitments to ongoing development and continuous learning Innovative thinker who is positive, proactive, takes accountability and readily embraces change Must be able to work autonomously or as part of a remote team to support and contribute towards the overall organizational goals Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with internal and external stakeholders. Required Experience Degree, or Post-Secondary Education -Information Technology, or related technical field preferred Experience in a technical support position an asset. It is the policy of PointClickCare to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, religion, national origin, status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law. PointClickCare welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Please contact recruitment@pointclickcare.com should you require any accommodations. When you apply for a position, your information is processed and stored with Lever, in accordance with Lever’s Privacy Policy. We use this information to evaluate your candidacy for the posted position. We also store this information, and may use it in relation to future positions to which you apply, or which we believe may be relevant to you given your background. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete or anonymize it. If you have any questions about how PointClickCare uses or processes your information, or if you would like to ask to access, correct, or delete your information, please contact PointClickCare’s human resources team: recruitment@pointclickcare.com PointClickCare is committed to Information Security. By applying to this position, if hired, you commit to following our information security policies and procedures and making every effort to secure confidential and/or sensitive information. At PointClickCare, base salary is one of the many components that make up our total rewards package. The US base salary range for this position is $26 - $30/hr. Our salary ranges are determined by job and level. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual compensation is determined by job-related skills and knowledge, relevant experience including professional and lived experience, and/or work location. Your recruiter can share more information about our total rewards package during the hiring process.