Title: Banquet/Catering House-Person (part-time) - One World Observatory
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: LEGENDS Founded in 2008, Legends’ operating divisions worldwide include – Global Partnerships, Global Sales, Hospitality, Global Partnerships, Global Merchandise, Global Technology Solutions, Attractions, Growth Enterprises – offering clients and partners a 360-degree data and analytics fueled service solution platform to elevate their brand and execute their vision. Currently, Legends works with marquee clients across business verticals including professional sports; collegiate; attractions; entertainment; and conventions and leisure. We are the industry leaders in designing, planning, and realizing exceptional experiences in sports and entertainment. For more information, visit www.Legends.net and follow us on Twitter and Instagram @TheLegendsWay. ATTRACTIONS Global Attractions is a natural progression from Legends 360-degree platform for success. Our unrivaled guest experience and deeply researched sales and planning methodologies give us an edge. Legends currently operates 10+ attractions around the globe. We bring together some of the brightest experiential and attraction masterminds around the globe to ensure each brilliant idea is regionally relevant and destined to dazzle, delight and drive a steady stream of diverse visitors. Custom narratives to guide the journey, delivered to deeply engage distinct visitor groupsBold and dramatic design to push the envelope on the physical space and inspire awe and wonderRe-imagined dining experiences to delight local foodiesLeading-edge technology and innovation to drive interactivity and create fully immersive experiences Legends manages all operations across ticketing, special events, sponsorship food and beverage and retail for Attractions partners. ONE WORLD OBSERVATORY Positioned at the top of One World Trade Center—the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere—on levels 100, 101, and 102, One World Observatory provides guests with unique, panoramic views of New York City, its most iconic sites, and surrounding waters from 1,250 feet. A customized guest experience complements the seemingly endless views—evoking feelings of the City’s signature pride, hope and determination (including special interactive experiences and dining options, plus a sit-down restaurant). In 2016, One World Observatory received awards and recognition from the Concierge Choice Awards (Winner: Tourist Attraction), Themed Entertainment Association (Thea Awards for Outstanding Achievement), TripAdvisor (Top U.S. Trending Summer Attraction), and Lonely Planet (Favorite Online Listing). THE ROLE The Banquet/Catering house-person will assist with event space set-up including furniture placement and equipment distribution based on the specific catering clientele needs for each event. The role reports to the Senior Catering/Special Events Manager. Essential Functions Assist with event space set-up including furniture placement and equipment distribution based on the specific catering clientele needs for each event.Furniture Removal and Placement.Count and distribute equipment including tables, chairs, rolling bars, china, silverware, glassware, etc.Linen storage, distribution and drop off.Cleaning and polishing tables, chairs, rolling bars, action stations, equipment, glassware, silverware and china.Event breakdown including but not limited to moving furniture, beverages, equipment, linen, glassware, china, and silverware.Pick up and distribute items from the catering storage area.Responsible for the overall cleanliness of all catering storage areas.Attend mandatory meetings.Bus Tables.Perform all assigned side work.Perform general cleaning tasks to adhere to health and safety standards.Complete other duties as assigned by management and supervisor. Qualifications To perform this job successfully, the candidate must be able to perform each essential duty above at the highest levels. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Ability to work long hours and flexible shifts including: mornings, nights, weekends and holidaysAbility to transport up to 100 lbs. on a continuous basisMust maintain personal hygiene and a well-groomed appearance standardsAbility to work independently or in a team setting to set up and execute an eventWillingness and drive to exceed the guest expectationsAbility to effectively listen and take direction from supervisorMust have excellent knowledge of food and beverage preparations, service standards, guest relations and etiquetteMust be available to work a flexible schedule and have the ability to remain standing for extensive periods of timePhysical requirements that require considerable use of your arms and legs and moving your whole body, such as climbing, lifting, balancing, walking, and handling of materialsThe ability to bend, stretch, twist, or reach with your body, arms, and/or legsThe ability to use your abdominal and lower back muscles to support part of the body repeatedly or continuously over time without ’giving out’ or fatiguingThe ability to use hands and arms in handling, installing, positioning, and moving materialsMust have extensive knowledge of reading and deciphering floor plansKnowledge of the appropriate table settings and service wareAbility to read, speak and write English Language in order to communicate with management and guestsPractice safe work habits, follow all safety policies and procedures and regulations, complete company-wide safety training and any additional job specific safety training Compensation $20/hour + generous benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, paid vacation, and 401(k) plan. WORKING CONDITIONS Location: On Site. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, talk, hear; use hands to finger, and handle controls. The employee frequently is required to reach with hands and arms. The employee is required to stand, walk, and stoop. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and the ability to adjust focus. Legends is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, or genetic information.