Title: Supply Technician I [OTC] (Secret Clearance Required)
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Overview Work Where it Matters SAVA, an Akima company, is not just another global services contractor. As an Alaska Native Corporation (ANC), our mission and purpose extend beyond our exciting federal projects as we support our shareholder communities in Alaska. At SAVA, the work you do every day makes a difference in the lives of our 15,000 Iñupiat shareholders, a group of Alaska natives from one of the most remote and harshest environments in the United States. For our shareholders , SAVA provides support and employment opportunities and contributes to the survival of a culture that has thrived above the Arctic Circle for more than 10,000 years. For our government customers , SAVA delivers global solutions that enhance business processes, lower costs, and take on today’s missions with greater opportunity, agility, and strength. As a SAVA employee , you will be surrounded by a challenging, yet supportive work environment that is committed to innovation and diversity, two of our most important values. You will also have access to our comprehensive benefits and competitive pay in addition to growth opportunities and excellent retirement options. Job Summary: SAVA is in search of a supply chain professional to join our family as a Supply Technician I (OTC) to provide logistical support for shipping, receiving, inventory, and storage for the Army Test and Evaluation Command (ATEC) at Fort Cavazos, Texas. Responsibilities Job Responsibilities: Perform warehousing duties in accordance with prescribed storage plans. Receives, stores, and issues materials and supplies from supply resources. Verifies materials against receiving documentation and document any discrepancies or damage. Routes materials to government furnished storage bunkers or other prescribed locations, coordinating any transportation requirements. Follows established procedures to ensures that all materials are stored safely and securely:Stores, stacks or palletizes materials. Implements first-in, first-out storage procedures to maximize shelf life. Examines stored materials periodically and reports deterioration and damage. Performs inventories of stored and/or hand-receipted materials as directed. Identifies condition of inventoried items, to be used in survey action assessment. Reports any evidence of loss, damage or destruction of Government property to supervisor. Prepares items for shipment and ensure appropriate and effective packing in conjunction with coordinating transport. Operates a hand and/or power trucks as necessary to perform warehousing tasks. Operates personal computers, typewriters, and calculators to maintain and/or establish inventory and shipping/receiving records. Follows established procedures to ensure achievement of quality, safety, and security standards. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Active DoD Secret security clearance. High School Diploma/GED and 2 years of experience working in a warehouse. Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite. Desired Qualifications: Outstanding Customer Service and Communication skills. Ability to work in a team environment and independently. Ability to adhere to government policies and requirements. We are an equal opportunity employer and comply with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. All applicants will receive consideration for employment, without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, gender or gender-identity, age, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or parental status, or any other basis prohibited by law. If you are an individual with a disability, or have known limitations related to pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions, and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us at job-assist@akima.com or 571-353-7053 (information about job applications status is not available at this contact information). Job: Logistics Travel: None Organization: SAVA Clearance: SECRET Work Type: On-Site Remote: No ReqID: 2024-8907