Title: Software Dev. Engineer I
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description The Amazon Business team is looking for candidates who are passionate about delivering an amazing experience to our international business customers. We focus on merging the customer experience, selection, pricing, and convenience that consumers have come to expect and love from Amazon with the features and functionality required by our business customers. We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations: Seattle, WA, USA Basic Qualifications 1+ years of non-internship professional software development experience Experience programming with at least one software programming language Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $88,400/year in our lowest geographic market up to $200,000/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site. Company - Amazon.com Services LLC Job ID: A2585401