Title: Sales Representative
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: At UScellular, top performers earn $60k or more a year. Meet your neighbors and help them stay connected. Who knows your town and your community better than you? At UScellular®, we believe in being straightforward and honest. We are real people from real places, bringing wireless connectivity closer every day on a state-of-the-art nationwide network built from your town up. Connecting our customers to what matters most to them doesn't seem like a job; it's a calling, and we do it because it's the right thing to do. In fact, making full-on fans out of our customers is what we're known for, and we make it worth our associates' efforts to deliver an outstanding experience with every customer. SALES REPRESENTATIVE (Full Time) UScellular sales representatives provide connectivity solutions to customers by selling products and services that enhance their lives and make things easier. Our representatives are empowered to be the face of UScellular and share their love for technology while fulfilling their desire to help others and connect to their community. Be confident knowing most of your pay is guaranteed through a competitive base salary and earn an average of $20-$23/hour when meeting sales targets. Maximize sales opportunities and earn as much as $28/hour or more - it's really up to you. We offer a host of benefits, including medical and dental effective on day one, including: 401K, Pension, Tuition Reimbursement, Adoption Assistance, and moreOur training is sure to set you up for success, and commission is guaranteed during training Come Grow With Us We offer ongoing training and personal development with advancement opportunities in as little as 6 months. Embrace Possibilities! Here’s What We Require: Written and verbal interpersonal skillsFlexibility to work evenings, weekends and some holidays How to stand out: Experience working directly with customers Sales experience (including in hospitality and tourism industries)Experience in wireless or technology industries a plus APPLY NOW. Join America's locally grown wireless team and experience uncapped earnings potential and a variety of additional benefits! Job Sales Retail Location(s) Tennessee-KNOXVILLE_TN UScellular® is an EEO employer and gives consideration to qualified applicants without regard to race/color/age/religion/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/national origin/disability/veteran status, pregnancy or genetic information.