Title: Material Handler II
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Work Location Type: Janesville, WI Onsite Imperial Supplies, a Grainger Company, is a national distributor of quality maintenance products. Serving the fleet maintenance industry since 1958, Imperial has formed lasting relationships with customers by tailoring our services to meet their changing needs. Our welcoming workplace enables you to learn, grow and make a difference by keeping businesses running and their people safe. As a Great Place to Work-Certified™ company, we’re looking for passionate people to join our team as we continue leading the industry. Join our team! Fantastic Schedule!! Great Benefits!! Now Hiring Material Handler II at our Janesville, WI Distribution Center This is a full – time position of 40 hours. Working Monday through Friday (8:00 AM - 4:30 PM) No Weekends or Holidays!! Paid Time Off includes 18 days available during your first year. Imperial offers Day 1 benefits including medical, dental, vision. Six paid holidays and the company contributes 6% to a 401K with immediate vesting. In this full time Material Handler II role, you will safely and accurately be picking orders and cycle counting using powered industrial equipment. The position will be responsible for checking and boxing of picked product. Learn more aout this position! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCEf_ecgRnU Specifically, you will be packaging inbound material including using package labeling system and printers, automated packaging equipment, scales, tape guns, mechanical stapler, and shrink wrapping. Documenting packaging activity using radio frequency scanners and keyboard data entry. Maintaining stock of packaging supplies at packaging stations. Picking orders using safe operation of powered industrial equipment, label printers, radio frequency scanners and keyboard data entry and performing cart put away using powered industrial equipment. Other tasks include restocking and picking using powered industrial equipment, assisting with inventory counting. You must be able to lift and carry up to 50 lbs. and have the ability to spend most of the time standing and walking in a warehouse environment. Your background should include: a High School diploma/GED equivalent and one (1) year of general knowledge of distribution/manufacturing operations. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment that includes both providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities during the application and hiring process as well as throughout the course of one’s employment. With this in mind, should you need a reasonable accommodation during the application and selection process, please advise us so that we can provide appropriate assistance.