Title: BWH Expressive Therapist
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Bournewood Health Systems is a behavioral health organization with a main campus in Brookline, MA and various satellite sites in Woburn, Lowell, and Dedham. We are dedicated to providing quality, evidence-based and person-centered treatment for people with mental health and substance use conditions in a safe and respectful environment in partnership with the individuals and families we serve, focusing on support, hope and recovery. We are committed to a philosophy and an environment of care in which we treat people with dignity, respect and mutuality; protect their rights; provide the best care possible; support them in returning to their natural communities; and include patients and families as partners in their treatment. We stand firmly for providing a safe and therapeutic environment for patients, families and staff. All Bournewood employees are continuously trained in this philosophy. All candidates must be able and willing to promote the values of trauma-informed and patient-centered care. Expressive Therapist Bournewood Hospital is looking for a qualified Expressive Art Therapist to work 30 hours a week providing expressive art therapy and psychoeducational groups and 1:1 consults on inpatient units for adult acute psychiatric treatment, substance use disorder treatment and adolescent acute care.. Job Summary: Incumbent p rovides rehabilitation services for patients through Expressive Art Therapy. Plans, organizes, and implements appropriate group interventions consistent with individual and group needs. Provides recommendations in consultation with treatment team. Responsibilities: Develops and conducts Expressive Therapy groups. Documents pertinent clinical data following groups. To provide individual Expressive Therapy consultations for patients as needed. To provide recommendations for treatment team members on inpatient units regarding potential needs for specialized rehab services. Make recommendations to Social Worker or Discharge Planner regarding special rehab needs to be taken into consideration when planning patient’s aftercare. Reviews multi-disciplinary treatment plan and identifies Rehab-based treatment goals and interventions. Assists as necessary for projects, reports, and other duties as assigned by manager. Works as a part of an extraordinarily creative and collaborative team. Must have the ability to work independently and as part of a collaborative and supportive team. Need a therapist who is willing to use a variety of Expressive Therapy modalities to accommodate the ever-changing needs of the short-term inpatient psychiatric population. Minimum Qualifications: Must be a master’s level or higher from an accredited ET program, preferably with certification and licensure, or license eligible. Prefer at least 1 year of experience working on an inpatient psychiatric and/or substance use disorder treatment program.