Title: Sr. Facilities Technician
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Company Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas We are dedicated to serving the public by promoting a strong financial system and a healthy economy for all. These efforts take a team of dedicated individuals doing many different jobs. Together we’re creating a workplace where talented people can thrive, and we welcome your unique background and perspective to help present the best possible solutions for our partners. Location: About the Role: The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas is seeking a self-motivated, versatile Sr. Facilities Technician with leadership experience, technical knowledge in the maintenance and repair of commercial building equipment and machinery in a 24/7 mission critical environment. As the Facilities Technician, you will ensure work tasks are completed correctly and in a timely matter. Perform Installation, configuration, testing and troubleshooting activities on Intrusion Alarm Systems, Access Control, CCTV, Intercom, Network infrastructure; PA Systems, Fire Alarm, and other PC based Systems. You will be based in the Dallas, TX office. You Will: Serve as a work leader of assigned staff by assigning routine, operational tasks in accordance with established work prioritiesInstalls, repairs and makes modifications on a variety of access control boards, card-readers, panic alarm devices, door alarms, electric and mechanic locks and other supportive devices.Perform installation and verification activities on Security related equipment for medium to large installations, including cable and equipment installing, programming, testing and commissioningRead and interpret blueprints, diagrams, schematics, submittals, and specificationsComplete “As Built” drawings upon the completion of the projectOperate a variety of equipment, i.e., counterbalance forklift, stand-up forklift, scissor lift, boom liftManage work order system for scheduling PM’s, projects, and general work orders to meet key metrics for facilities departmentWork with other facilities shops to complete larger multi-trade work orders or projects and provide cross trainingKeep supervisor and facilities management team informed of relevant information related to status of building operationsManage outside vendors through service contracts and purchase orders for maintenance, repairs, and upgrades to facility equipmentWork with facilities project team and internal general contractors to complete work related to specific bank projects You Have: Associates degree or equivalent certification in related field preferred, high school diploma required5 to 7 years of technical building experience involved in the operation, and maintenance of buildings and equipmentEffective trouble shooting and analytical skills to manage complex diagnostics and repairAdvanced operating knowledge of specific computer applications to support Bank operationsKnowledge of basic safety procedures and PPE usageAbility to read and generate blueprints and/or schematicsAbility to perform job duties that require standing, kneeling, crouching, twisting upper body, working in cramped positions in small opening and climbing hand over hand, lifting 50 lbs., and working on ladders/lifts in areas subject to noise, heat, dust or coldEquivalent education and/or experience may be substituted for any of the above requirements Our Benefits: Our total rewards program offers benefits that are the best fit for you at every stage of your career: Comprehensive healthcare options (Medical, Dental, and Vision)401K match, and a fully funded pension planPaid vacation, holidays, and volunteer hours; flexible work environmentGenerously subsidized public transportation and free parkingAnnual tuition reimbursementProfessional development programs, training and conferencesAnd more… Notes: This position may be filled at various levels based on candidate's qualifications as determined by the department. Applicants must be eligible to work in the U.S and the role is not available for sponsorship. This role supports the ongoing operation of the Bank and requires working onsite at the Federal Reserve work location 100% of the time. Please submit your application by the deadline on Thursday, May 2nd. The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes in the diversity of our people, ideas and experiences, and we are committed to building an inclusive culture that represents the communities we serve. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please notify your Talent Acquisition Consultant. Full Time / Part Time Full time Regular / Temporary Regular Job Exempt (Yes / No) No Job Category Work Shift First (United States of America) The Federal Reserve Banks believe that diversity and inclusion among our employees is critical to our success as an organization, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. The Federal Reserve Banks are committed to equal employment opportunity for employees and job applicants in compliance with applicable law and to an environment where employees are valued for their differences. Privacy Notice