Title: Business Operations Specialist(5477)
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Overview Of Role We are looking for an enthusiastic colleague to join our Business Operations team in San Jose. This position is responsible for collaborating with our dynamic customers, North America Sales and TSMC Headquarters in Taiwan, by solving daily business operational challenges. Your will report to the Department Manager of the Business Operations Support team, and the job will be based in San Jose, CA. Our work schedule operates on a hybrid system, where you will be required to work three days in the office with possible early evening hours expected. Responsibilities Partner with Account Managers to establish new accounts and business engagements Account coordination and execution of daily business operations, business transactions, sales data analysis and problem solving Participate in business review meetings, conference calls, customer visits, and B2B, customized IT project meetings Customer order and delivery schedule management Execute shipments in compliance with global export regulations Maintains client relationships. Responds to customer inquiries of order delivery status, shipments, RMA, and others Collaborations with TSMC cross-functional teams in the US and global locations Supply Chain logistics coordination and follow-ups May perform other duties as assigned including special projects, post sales service Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited university in business or related field 3-8 years of related experience; preferably in the semiconductor industry or Supply Chain Field Strong data analysis skills and attention to detail; advanced Microsoft Office skills (Excel, Word, and PowerPoint) Preferred Qualifications Ability to track multiple processes concurrently, prioritize work, meet deadlines Strong interpersonal skills, allowing you to function within a team and to build relationships with valued customers Exceptional critical thinking and problem-solving skills Manufacturing and Supply Chain Management experience is a plus Conversational proficiency in Mandarin Company Description As a trusted technology and capacity provider, TSMC is driven by the desire to be: The world’s leading dedicated semiconductor foundry The technology leader with a strong reputation for manufacturing excellence Advancing semiconductor manufacturing innovations to enable the future of technology TSMC pioneered the pure-play foundry business model when it was founded in 1987 and has been the world’s leading dedicated semiconductor foundry ever since. The Company supports a thriving ecosystem of global customers and partners with the industry’s leading process technologies and a portfolio of design enablement solutions to unleash innovation for the global semiconductor industry. With global operations spanning Asia, Europe, and North America, TSMC serves as a committed corporate citizen around the world. In North America, TSMC has a strong sales and service organization that works with customers by helping them achieve silicon success with cutting-edge technologies and manufacturing excellence. The Company has continued to accelerate its R&D investment and staffing in recent years and is expanding its manufacturing footprint to support customer innovation with 3D IC technologies and optimal manufacturing capacity. Diversity statement TSMC North America, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce and provides Equal Employment Opportunity for all individuals regardless of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. TSMC is an equal opportunity employer prizing diversity and inclusion. We are committed to treating all employees and applicants for employment with respect and dignity. If you require reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please feel free to notify us at G_Accomodations@tsmc.com . TSMC confirms to all applicants its commitment to meet TSMC’s obligations under applicable employment law. Reasonable accommodations will be determined on a case-by-case basis. Pay Transparency Statement At TSMC, your base pay is only part of your overall total compensation package. At the time of this posting, this role typically pays an annual base salary between $65,000 and $112,000 per year. The range displayed reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hires. Actual pay may be more or less than the posted range. Factors that influence pay include the individual's skills, qualifications, education, experience and the position level and location. TSMC’s total compensation package consists of market competitive pay, allowances, bonuses and comprehensive benefits. We also offer extensive development opportunities and programs.