Title: Sanitation Associate
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Rich’s, also known as Rich Products Corporation, is a family-owned food company dedicated to inspiring possibilities. From cakes and icings to pizza, appetizers and specialty toppings, our products are used in homes, restaurants and bakeries around the world. Beyond great food, our customers also gain insights to help them stay competitive, no matter their size. Our portfolio includes creative solutions geared at helping food industry professionals compete in foodservice, retail, in-store bakery, deli, and prepared foods, among others. Working in 100 locations globally, with annual sales exceeding $4 billion, Rich’s is a global leader with a focus on everything that family makes possible. Rich’s®—Infinite Possibilities. One Family. PURPOSE STATEMENT The Sanitation Associate is responsible for controling all environmental and in-depth equipment cleaning to ensure the safety and quality of our food products. Key Accountabilities/Outcomes Disassembles and sets up all production equipment, cleans all equipment using COP and CIP systems, verifies the proper cleaning and set-up of all equipment, puts away production and sanitation materials, drives material handling equipment, monitors/tests chemical concentration of all CIP systems.Maintains CIP Chart Recorders. Documents necessary information on charts and CIP logs.Takes inventory of sanitation supplies. Uses bioluminescence technology to verify CIP systems.Responsible for performing tasks according to the plant Master Cleaning Schedule.Responsible for basic troubleshooting of all Sanitation equipment.Trains new Associates on required skill sets for Environmental Operations.Maintains work area in a safe and orderly fashion according to GMP and Safety guidelines.Operates Rich’s SCADA system and completes appropriate paperwork.Performs any other related miscellaneous duties assigned by Lead person.Will be required to train in other areas of the plant as required by the Skillblock program, which may include: Valve and Pump PM program. Knowledge/Skills/Experience High school diploma or GED.One year work experience in a manufacturing or industrial environment.Must have good communication skills, both written and verbalMust have the ability to train other Associates in Sanitation/Environmental operationsMust have the desire and ability to operate as a member of a Self-Directed work teamMust be proficient on Rich’s SCADA systemHas an awareness of and the ability to follow Associate Safety guidelinesHas an awareness of and the ability to follow GMP and Food Safety guidelinesUnderstands proper machine operating and adjusting proceduresMust have the ability to work in and contribute to Production Improvement, Associate Involvement and Temporary Teams, as assigned Compensation In accordance with state law, the rate or range provided is Rich Products Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates ("Rich's"), reasonable estimate of the base compensation for this role. The actual amount may be higher or lower, based on non-discriminatory factors such as experience, knowledge, skills, abilities, shift differential, and location. Annual Range/Hourly Rate $17.58 - $20.28 Rich Products Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Rich’s”), are committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. The information collected by this application is solely to determine suitability for employment, verify identity, and maintain employment statistics on applicants. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act and certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done which will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing undue hardship on Rich’s. Please contact Rich’s Human Resources department at hrhelp@rich.com if you need assistance completing this application or to otherwise participate in the application process.