Title: Cloud Analytics - Software Development Engineer
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description In this role responsibilities include, although not limited to: Develops applications that work in and on industry or hybrid cloud environments using capabilities and frameworks from internal and external cloud providers.Develops and coordinates cloud architecture over various areas, including application development, identity and access management, network and data management, and security.Defines the initial DevSec Ops solution and links it to the cloud platform.Utilizes DevOps processes, automation, culture, and target platforms.Leverages expertise in cloud platforms including Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Azure, building and designing web services in the cloud, orchestrating and automating cloud-based platforms, as well as frontend development of the user interface that typically run over various form factors including mobile and PC.Utilizes HTML, JavaScript libraries, responsive, and/or AWS frameworks. In addition to the qualifications listed below, the ideal candidate will also have: Ability to work in environments with competing and alternating priorities, with a constant focus on timely delivery.Excellent communication, problem-solving and analytical skills with a focus on finding creative solutions to challenging technical problems.A strong sense of ownership and accountability, with the ability to take on challenging technical projects and drive them to completion.Systematic problem solving, proven track records of meeting and beating commitments.Decision making and problem solving, tolerance to ambiguity. Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your schoolwork/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. This is an entry level position and will be compensated accordingly. Minimum Qualifications The candidate must have a bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering or related field and 1+ years of experience -OR- a master’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, or related field and: 1+ years of experience building data engineering pipelines with MPP databases (for example AWS RedShift, Azure Synapse, Snowflake, Teradata), Lambda architecture design, database design, data modeling, Big Data Cloud (for example SPARK, Splunk, NoSQL), advanced analytics, AI/ML infrastructure solutions.1+ years of experience in one or more of the following: C, C++, C#/Java, .NET, Python, Object-Oriented Programming, CI/CD tools, scripting tools, and DevOps. Preferred Qualifications 1+ years of experience in containers, serverless, streaming technologies (Kafka, Kinesis, etc.), distributed systems design (SOA/microservices) concepts, and capabilities.2+ years of experience in large-scale software development/integration especially in Big Data/AI/ML. Inside this Business Group Intel's Information Technology Group (IT) designs, deploys and supports the information technology architecture and hardware/software applications for Intel. This includes the LAN, WAN, telephony, data centers, client PCs, backup and restore, and enterprise applications. IT is also responsible for e-Commerce development, data hosting and delivery of Web content and services. Other Locations US, OR, Hillsboro; US, CA, Folsom; US, CA, Santa Clara Posting Statement All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, as well as, benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find more information about all of our Amazing Benefits here. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in US, California: $109,744.00-$164,610.00 Salary range dependent on a number of factors including location and experience Working Model This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. In certain circumstances the work model may change to accommodate business needs.