Title: Business Analyst - Service Operations
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Qualifications Bachelors degree with record of academic achievement 1+ year of post-graduate work experience with a distinctive record of achievement and impactExperience in at least two of the following lean management in service industries, customer experience, frontline & sales transformation, field service, customer care, business support functionsDemonstrated experience in successfully leading a transformational/capability building activity within a service operations environmentIndustry experience with a service industries such as retail, telecom, banking, media, etc.Willingness to travel up to 80% What You'll Do You’ll work in teams of typically 3–5 consultants, playing an active role in all aspects of the client engagement. This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations. You’ll also have the opportunity to present results to client management and implement recommendations in collaboration with client team members. You’ll gain new skills and build on the strengths you bring to the firm. Business Analysts receive exceptional training as well as frequent coaching and mentoring from colleagues on their teams. This support includes a Partner from Operations that is assigned to you to help guide your career as well as several weeks of formal training in your first two years as a Business Analyst. Additionally, you’ll receive guidance and support from your local office in the selection of client projects, helping you to develop your skills and build your network. Following your BA tenure, assuming good performance, you will move into a post-graduate school role. Some BAs will take advantage of the opportunity to get outside experience through a secondment (externship) with a private sector or social sector client with the firm’s support. Others may choose to pursue graduate school with support from the firm. Who You'll Work With As a member of McKinsey’s world-class Operations practice you will be responsible for blending strategic thinking with hands-on implementation, advising on developing and defining operational strategies to help our clients around the world solve their most critical problems. Service Operations is a growing service line with deep functional expertise implementing holistic transformation including Customer Experience/Service Design, Frontline & Field Operations, Service Factory Operations, Corporate Business Functions, and Customer Care with cross-cutting foundation capabilities (e.g., Lean expertise; IT enablement; Performance transformation) to deliver significant and sustainable cost impact. We provide a unique set of tools and techniques to help clients identify opportunities for improvement and implement recommendations in support of our client’s business objectives.