Title: Customer Service Representative
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description Must Be Available M-F 8:30am-7pm Training (about 3 weeks) will be from 8:30am-5:30pm onsite M-F Shift then transitions to either a 10:30am-7pm M-F This is a hybrid role where they will work in office 2 days and WFH 3 days after they complete the training period. Job Description: -Interact with customers and clients to request or provide insurance documents, proof of insurance, collect payment information and conduct follow-up -Answer calls professionally in a fast-paced call center atmosphere. -Research required information using available resources and systems. -Provide customers with product and service information. -Process insurance documents and claims -Identify and immediately service or escalate high-priority issues – prioritize and take initiative -Perform follow up customer calls when necessary -Handles roughly 35-50 calls a day (Monday and Tuesday are the busiest days) -Strive for each call to be a "one call resolution" to the issue at hand -Respond to letters/calls pertaining to missing information -Will be speaking with insurance agents and carriers -Handle calls pertaining to lapse or deficiency in coverage -Predominantly inbound calls (80% of the time) -Customers are predominantly from banks and lenders Skills Customer service, Call center, Customer support, insurance Top Skills Details Customer service,Call center,Customer support Additional Skills & Qualifications "Must Haves" -Currently working in a customer service position (call center is preferred, but will accept office/retail) -Consistent work history with strong tenure in roles Bonus to have: -insurance/financial/healthcare call center backgrounds Experience Level Intermediate Level About TEKsystems We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.