Title: Quality Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: ABOUT STAUBER Hawkins established our Health & Nutrition segment in December 2015 through the acquisition of STAUBER Performance Ingredients. This segment specializes in providing ingredient distribution, processing, and formulation solutions to manufacturers of nutraceutical, functional food and beverage, personal care, dietary supplement, and other nutritional food, health, and wellness. The group operates out of the facilities in California and New York and the products are sold nationally, and in certain cases, internationally. ABOUT THE JOB STAUBER is looking for a Quality Associate to join our team based out of Fullerton, CA. Responsibilities: Recommend, review, approve, conduct, and/or complete documentation for key activities in support of operations and to assure compliance with company policy and cGMP.Perform label verification prior to product release/transfer and take appropriate action for any discrepancies with the raw and/or finished materials (i.e., missing COA, specification discrepancies, missing manufacturing, or expiration dates, etc.)Handle key activities including generating and/or approving COA’s and technical documents, product processing and/or warehousing, and maintaining database.Inspect all inbound raw materials by examining immediate packaging for signs of contamination or deterioration, overall quality of raw materials, reviewing specifications, and releasing raw material to inventory.Alert and work along with various departments to address any safety and/or quality concerns impacting operations.Follow internal hold release process and update ERP systems for any non-conforming product.Notify representatives from Quality Department, sales, customer service, or customers for changes to the specification, COA, quality-related documents. Obtain approval of changes as appropriate.Work with internal systems and vendors directly for any incoming customer technical requests including customer questionnaireAssist with development of programs and writing standard operating procedures, work instructions and other procedural documents.Review and approve quality documents for any outbound product shipments.Maintain required records in an accurate, legible and complete manner.Perform other miscellaneous related duties, as needed. ABOUT YOU BS/BA in a Science background preferred but not required; or related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.Minimum 2 years’ experience in a related industry.Previous work experience in a Food or Dietary Supplement Industry is highly desirable.Industry knowledge preferred, with basic knowledge of CFRs and GMPs.Detail oriented. Ability to work independently and change focus to meet changing demands. Knowledge of MS Office Systems preferred.Knowledge of CRM and ERP Systems such as JDE preferredExcellent analytical and problem-solving skills requiredAbility to manage multiple tasksSound judgment and decision makingEffective writing and verbal communication skills Physical Requirements: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. TRAVELNo travel required.