Title: Account Executive
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Order.co is on a mission to simplify buying for businesses. We believe that it’s not just about what you buy, but how you buy it and how you pay for it . Today’s purchase to pay process is riddled with complexity and missed opportunities for leverage. Our goal is to highlight that leverage through the use of our platform. Order.co is a procurement and spend management software that eliminates manual purchasing and payment tasks and gives your team one place to purchase, approve, track and pay for all the physical goods your business needs. With customizable budgets and reporting, operations and finance teams can take back control over the buying process and start saving time, saving money, and gaining clarity into how they buy. Founded in 2016 and headquartered in New York City, Order.co oversees nearly half a billion dollars in annualized spend across hundreds of customers like WeWork, SoulCycle, and Lume. Order has raised $50M in funding from industry-leading investors like MIT, Stage 2 Capital, Rally Ventures, 645 Ventures, and more. Order.co has been proudly named as a Top 50 Companies to Watch by Spend Matters and a Best Place to Work by BuiltIn. Job Description What does this role look like?Driving key AE outcomes, including quota attainment (on target or above) by identifying pain points and tying them back to our offering in this highly consultative but shorter deal cycle (45-60 days)Building a new business pipeline by working demand from your own personalized prospecting efforts, Marketing and SDRs through the typical methods (cold calls, emails, and social) to target prospects within our ideal customer profile. Your own prospecting efforts are crucial to being successful in this role.Use your curiosity and critical thinking skills to become an expert on our product, the problem we solve, and the personas we targetEnjoying a sale that focuses on either a process change or a platform change, depending on the prospect. Our most successful Account Executives are educational and able to challenge prospects about what they are doing today vs what they could be doing with Order.co. The goal is to quickly become a trusted advisor and leverage it appropriately. Qualifications NY-based candidates are strongly preferred2+ years of experience in a closing role, managing your own pipeline in a startup environment using systems like Outreach, Gong and Salesforce.Nice to have: Experience working in the P2P or Fintech spaceExperience with prospecting and closing new business (this role is supported by SDRs and Marketing, but the hustle will be what makes you successful!)You believe in over achievement as the minimum - 100% is doing your job, 110%+ is where the real fun startsStrong written and verbal communication skills to drive deals forwardProven track record of exceeding goals and building pipelineTeam player that can work independently as well. We are a small AE team that works well together and values each other’s ideas. We regularly support one another to ensure the success of the team and our customers. Additional Information What You’ll ReceiveA competitive compensation package including base and uncapped variable components as well as stock optionsThe opportunity to grow quickly within the Sales organizationThe industry’s top sales tools such as Salesforce, Outreach, Gong.io, ZoomInfo, LinkedIn, and more!Employer-sponsored 401(k) plus employer matchA deep knowledge and understanding of selling a SaaS B2B product in the purchasing and payment spaceThe opportunity to grow and perform in a fast-paced environment alongside a stellar teamFlexible time off and remote work policiesRobust medical, dental, vision, and wellness benefitsGenerous leave policies and support for new and current parentsThe anticipated compensation for this role is $160,000-$180,000 OTE. Actual compensation and title will be commensurate with experience, qualifications, knowledge, and skills.Order.co is an equal opportunity employer. Applicant's qualifications are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by law. #BI-Remote .