Title: Design Sales Representative
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: 3 Day Blinds is a national retailer and manufacturer of quality, custom-made blinds, shades, draperies, and shutters. We are proud to be part of the Hunter Douglas family of brands. Over the last 40 years we’ve successfully helped transform our clients' homes and workplaces by offering a wide variety of products that add beauty and comfort to every space. It takes a talented group of individuals to do what we do, and we do it together as One Team. We strive to create a culture of learning and opportunity, and most importantly, an environment where you can feel passionate and connected to your work every day. We are searching for candidates that are driven, intelligent, creative, and entrepreneurial. By offering challenging and accelerated opportunities for growth, powered by a shared hunger for success, we create a space for your career to thrive. In return for your expertise, we are committed to providing competitive and robust total compensation and benefit packages to ensure you feel valued. Our dream is to become the fastest growing, most loved, window covering company in the world. What's yours? In this role, you’ll spend your days making the homes and workspaces of our clients more beautiful, functional, and comfortable by servicing the qualified leads that our award-winning marketing team generates. Everyone in the company is committed to your success, and your District leadership and field support team will work closely with you to help you reach your sales objectives, so you can take full advantage of our generous compensation plan. We also provide you with state-of-the-art training, tools, and resources to support your success. Our product offerings are kept fresh and current to ensure you can expertly meet your client’s preferences and unique buying needs. We are committed to providing our clients with a seamless purchasing experience that is backed by our industry-leading warranty and outstanding client care services, so you can feel confident and proud in your Design Consultant role with 3 Day Blinds. What You'll Do Expertly match our products and services to client’s needsSuccessfully close appointments by demonstrating our unique Value Proposition, and by building trust and credibilityProperly execute all systems and procedures to ensure client satisfaction, and to avoid order errors that adversely affect the company’s bottom line and positive reputationMeasure, record, and configure specifications accurately and efficientlyProvide high- level client service and follow up in a friendly, professional and timely manner for both internal and external clientsBe flexible to the needs of the business, including appointment scheduling, time off requests, attending team meetings and trainingLive our Core Values of Integrity, One Team, Excellence, Superior Client Experience and Passion, to Delight our CustomersUnderstand and execute Company operating policies and procedures as outlined in Team Handbook and other related communications Who You Are Critical thinking and problem solving skillsQuick learner who is adaptable, self-reliant, resourceful and handles competing prioritiesUnderstands and carries out oral and written instructions, and requests clarification when neededExpresses thoughts, ideas, concerns in a positive, respectful and productive mannerWorks independently, but also functions well as part of a teamHigh school degree or equivalent is required. Some college work is preferredAvailability to work full-time five days per week, one being a weekend dayProficiency with using a PC and with Microsoft Windows based programsAbility to quickly learn and follow new technology processes and systemsCan drive within canvassing areas and also accommodate longer drive times to meet the needs of clients outside of assigned areaReliable transportation, a valid driver’s license and proof of insuranceCan lift & carry up to 35 pounds2-5 years relationship selling experience within either:In- home or outside sales, preferably in specialty or custom product/servicesRetail environment – ideally in like field such as Home Décor/FurnishingsEducation or experience in Design and Decor preferred Experience with POS Systems preferred What's in it for you? As a Design Consultant with 3 Day Blinds, you can join our growing sales team with confidence! We offer a generous uncapped compensation plan and bi-weekly draw while you ramp up your expertise.You will be provided with quality company generated appointments, and are greatly rewarded for self-generated appointments as part of our lucrative monthly bonus plan.Design Consultants at 3 Day Blinds are earning a nationwide average of $94,000 annually in commission and bonus after a year with the company! The District Sales Manager can speak more directly to you about the territory’s historical earning potential, but the biggest variable in the equation will be you.You’ll receive 4-weeks of paid, world class training and be provided with state of the art tools, including a laptop, smartphone, product samples, and other resources necessary for your success - at no cost to you!We also provide mileage reimbursement.You'll receive a competitive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, time off with pay, and a 401(k) plan with a degree of employer matching.We provide short-term and long-term disability benefits at no cost to you! In addition, we offer company-paid life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance with opportunities to elect additional voluntary insurance plans as well.We offer eligible employees six weeks of paid parental leave to bond with a child following birth, adoption, or foster placement.Enjoy amazing discounts on our 3 Day Blinds products as well as access to various other exclusive discounts! Please note, all offers presented to candidates are carefully crafted to ensure market competitiveness, equity, and reflect the individual candidate’s education, experience, skills and potential. [RecruiterTag]