Title: Entry Level Install Technicians
Work Type: Full-time
Description: MSR-FSR is a global partner to equipment manufacturers and device manufacturers in the Semiconductor and other High-Tech Industries. Our positions include benefits such as medical, dental, vision, 401(k), PTO, and paid holidays. Join our awesome team in an exciting, fast paced, and ever-growing industry. We are searching for detail-oriented people with technical and mechanical experience and a strong work ethic that are looking for an opportunity to start a career that offers unlimited opportunity for growth and career progression. We are interviewing and hiring qualified candidates immediately, so if you are ready to get to work and looking for a great long term opportunity or career growth, please apply today. Entry Level IQ Technicians ResponsibilitiesPerforms on-site installations of support equipment for semiconductor equipmentIncludes installation of pumps, chillers and abatement units with hardware piping and some electricalMaintains records and reports as requiredCoordinates activities with peers, supervisor(s) and customersIncumbents are responsible for the upkeep, maintenance and security of company property, tools, etc.Employees must also maintain standards of conduct acceptable to customers to maintain credentials for being on customer site(s) Entry Level IQ Technicians Qualifications:1+ year previous experience in maintenance, repair, and troubleshooting of semiconductor capital equipmentExcellent customer interface skills An understanding of electricity and experience with use for a digital multimeter Mechanical aptitude is required as well as an ability to use appropriate toolsThorough understanding of technical issues involving the maintenance, repair and/or installation of company equipment and company procedures High School Diploma Entry Level IQ Technicians Physical Requirements: Job duties are often performed in confined areas in a clean room environment, in awkward positions and/or in high places. Mechanical aptitude, manual dexterity and ability to lift/carry objects up to 35 pounds is required. May require bending/stooping/crawling/climbing. May require the use of Personal Protection equipment and proper industry safety procedures when working with one or more dangerous element or conditions such as chemicals, electric currents or high voltage, moving mechanical parts, radiation, etc. MSR-FSR is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. PM20 Powered by JazzHR PI239203707