Title: Project Architect
Work Type: Full-time
Description: BDG Architects has an immediate need for a talented and motivated Project Architect or Sr. Project Architect. This is a full-time position that will be based out of our growing Jacksonville, FL office that launched in 2021. A minimum of 7 years of experience and license to practice architecture within an NCARB jurisdiction of the United States is required. Project types will include Mixed-Use, Multi-Family, Hospitality, Restaurants, Retail, Industrial, Office, and more. These projects include a mix of new construction, renovations, and historic adaptive re-use. Key Duties/ResponsibilitiesAct as primary client contact for specific projects and ensure efficient project delivery, quality, and client satisfaction. Manage and oversee work of project team and provide direction, organization, and quality control reviews. Required Skills/AbilitiesExcellent verbal and written skills.Strong organizational and time management skills.Strategic thinking.Must excel in collaboration and team building but also be able to work independently. Demonstrated ability to work on and manage multiple projects simultaneously and assign priority.Proficiency in software applications including Revit, Outlook, and Microsoft Office. EducationCompletion of professional architecture degree program BDG Architects offers a comprehensive benefit package with options for health insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, life insurance, short and long-term disability insurance, profit sharing, and the ability to participate in a 401K program. We also offer paid holidays and paid personal time off. If you are interested in being a part of this dynamic growing firm submit your letter of interest, resume and work samples in pdf format via email through our website. Please, no phone calls. BDG Architects is a full-service architecture and design firm with its Headquarters in Tampa, Florida with Southeast Regional Offices in Jacksonville, Florida, Birmingham, Alabama and Charlotte, North Carolina with over 25 years of experience throughout the United States. We have built our reputation as being on the leading edge of our industry through design excellence, building lasting relationships, and delivering high value to our clients. BDG understands that each client has a unique set of business strategies, which we focus our services to support, creating a true partnership. Our projects are extremely diverse in terms of project type, design styles, practice areas and scale. Additional information about the firm can be found at www.BDGLLP.com.