Title: Architectural Intern
Experience Level: Associate
Work Type: Contract
Description: Job Title: Architectural Field Surveyor - 732606Client: State Of IndianaLocation : Field (Indiana) (Hybrid)Pay Rate: $17.05/ HourDuration : 7 Months Job Description:The Indiana Division of Historic Preservation and Archaeology (DHPA), the Indiana state historic preservation office (SHPO), is seeking contract architectural field surveyors for work in and around central Indiana. Ideally the surveyor would work full time (40 hours/week). Flexible hours are available to accommodate the schedule of the right candidate. Work should begin in late April 2024. Surveyors will go through several days of training in the Indianapolis office prior to beginning field work. First days in the field will be supervised by the Survey Coordinator and experienced field surveyors. Overview The DHPA was the first SHPO in the country to complete a comprehensive architectural survey of the entire state and its above-ground cultural resources. This position is key to implementing the second phase of survey. Field surveyors systematically drive every road in the respective county to record and evaluate buildings, bridges, and cemeteries at least 40 years old or older and meet other survey criteria included in the DHPA Survey Manual.Work will mainly be conducted in the field in rural, suburban, or urban areas of Indiana with some opportunities for indoor work including research, writing, or editing. Required Skills -Reliable vehicle and valid driver’s license -Ability to navigate rural terrain and paved urban areas in all four seasons of Indiana weather -Experience with Microsoft Office 365 and digital photography Physical Requirements This role requires the ability to operate a motor vehicle and drive short and long distances in all weather and light conditions. Due to the predominantly outdoor nature of the position, it requires very frequent walking, standing, and climbing of stairs, as well as the ability to traverse uneven ground, dirt roads, paved roads, and city sidewalks that range from flat to hilly. It also requires both near and far visual ability. It requires the ability to carry equipment including tablet computers, chargers, style guide/other paper resources, and other miscellaneous items all of which should be able to fit in a backpack/shoulder bag (approximately 20 lbs or less). Tablet computers will be used in varying light conditions while outdoors. This role requires Indoor activities will require sitting and keyboarding. Successful Candidate Qualifications Possess a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four-year college or university in history, historic preservation, architectural history, material culture, or other relevant field Ability to quickly and accurately learn, understand, and assess the nuances of vernacular types and architecture styles found in Indiana Ability to quickly and accurately assess building features, forms, and materials to determine age, types/style, and level of architectural integrity Effective communication skills—both verbal and written Self-motivated, organized, and able to excel while working independently Flexibility and adaptability to work environment and weather Ability to plan your work to keep track of surveyed areas and meet metrics and deadlines Experience conducting research and summarizing data into condensed reports Preference will be given to candidates with a Master’s degree from an accredited college or university in historic preservation or architectural history. Salary will reflect this preference as much as we are able. A typical day When outside: Drive/walk an assigned survey area, apply survey methodology, and gather digital data (GPS reading, photos, site plan, and building materials/details) on tablets. It will include commercial and residential districts, individual buildings, cemeteries, farmsteads, bridges, and everything in-between; When inside: Conduct research and write histories for districts, cities, townships, and/or counties, edit and attach photos and site plans, and complete survey records for approval or edit records that have been reviewed and returned; See a broad variety of architecture from log cabins to modern ranches. Nerd out repeatedly over a beautiful window, cool brackets, or an MCM door. Share interesting photos for DHPA social media; Learn a lot about Indiana’s architecture, find cool historic places to eat, and become an expert in random Indiana trivia which can entertain family and friends on road trips. Personal Work Relationships The field surveyor mainly works independently, but multiple surveyors will be working in the respective county at the same time. Surveyor develops and maintains working relationships with fellow surveyors, supervisor, and other division staff to share expertise, ensure accuracy and timeliness of survey activities, and coordinate survey progress between the field and central office. They will be in contact with local entities including preservation organizations and libraries/historical societies as needed. The field surveyor will interact with the public during the survey process and will need to be able to explain what they are doing, why they are doing it, and how the information is used. The vast majority of interactions will be positive, however, in the event the citizen is unhappy, they should be directed to the survey coordinator. Responsibilities Instructions, guidance, and additional communication will come from the survey coordinator. The field surveyor works within established division guidelines making judgements and decisions based upon policy, procedure, and subject knowledge relating to mission, goals, and objectives. Submit work to the survey coordinator multiple times per week to ensure that fieldwork meets program standards. There will be weekly/monthly expectations to meet/exceed after a probationary period; Maintain necessary data for mileage reimbursements and timesheets; Behave in a respectful, responsible, and professional manner as a representative of State government. Use good judgement and maintain safety. Contact survey coordinator with problems; Handle the equipment in a responsible manner. Please Note This is a temporary position through a contracting company not directly with the State of Indiana Dept of Natural Resources and would be subject to the contract company policy on pre-hire testing and available benefits. Employment in this position for two years meets the federal requirements for historic preservation professionals under 36 CFR 61, provided the candidate has the appropriate undergraduate degree/experience. Therefore, a graduate degree would not be required for future historic preservation professional government employment. See https://www.nps.gov/articles/sec-standards-prof-quals.htm for more information.