Title: Sonographer - Full-Time
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description Wednesday through Saturday Wednesday: 4pm-8pm Thursday, Friday: 7:30am-8pm Saturday: 7am-7:30pm JOB SUMMARY (overview of job): Verifies patient identification and that the requested exam correlates with the patient’s clinical history and presentation. Explains the examination and associated procedures to the patient and responds to patient’s questions and concerns. Performs two and/or three dimensional ultrasonic recordings/imaging of internal organs/structures for the diagnosis of disease and study of the malfunction of organs. Performs measurements and calculations according to protocol and provides timely, accurate concise and completed documentation. Obtains and prepares medication, supplies and equipment for invasive and non-invasive procedures. Uses sterile technique when appropriate. Performs procedural timeout Provides ultrasound guidance for interventional procedures Complies with all federal, state, local and regulatory agency requirements. Patient Safety: Each staff member is responsible for overall patient safety and prevention of patient safety hazards. Patient schedules: Each staff member assists lead tech in prioritizing the needs of the referring physicians and patients to accommodate add-on exams into our daily schedules. Protocols: All staff members can be asked to assist lead tech or director in the development, implementation, changes and updates of protocols CQI & QA: Staff technologist may be required to participate in both CQI and QA yearly plans and activities (as approved by Director). Patient Experience: All staff technologist along with the DI leadership team are accountable for improvement of patient experience and satisfaction scores for both the modality and the department. Staffing & Scheduling: Staff members will ask for input of staffing schedules that meet both the physicians and patient’s needs. These schedules must also meet the productivity standards set forth by the director and budgets for each year. PACS: All staff members are responsible for insuring that all images and studies transfer to PACS in a timely and quality manner. The technologist must also work cohesively with the PACS Administrator to resolve any and all issues. Staff Training/ orientation: All staff members will be responsible for participating in training of new employees. Staff technologists will assist the leadership team in the orientation of new employees. Staff members will assist the leadership team in developing a new hire orientation function that is employee centered, complete and timely. Staff Development: Each staff member will responsible for assisting the lead tech and leadership in teaching or the improvement of skills to co-workers. Regulatory Compliance: Each staff member will share responsibility for the training and readiness needed to be compliant with DNV, CMS and other regulating agencies. Staff will practice within the defined scopes set forth by the CMS, ARDMS, SDMS, ARRT and ASRT. Equipment maintenance: Each staff member will be responsible for communicating to their leadership team issues that compromise proper and safe operation of equipment. Each staff member can be asked to make needed calls to vendors or biomed for support. Department Projects: Staff members will be asked and will be responsible for participating in department projects such as ACR accreditation, Quality and Performance Improvement Initiatives and promotion of department to our physicians, community and patients. Inventory: Each staff member can be asked to assist lead technologist in ordering and management of inventory. Modality Liaison: Each staff member will be accountable for positive and professional communications between other modalities, nursing, ED, scheduling, admitting, physicians, and transporters to ensure the smooth provision of patient care by the modality. Positive, encouraging and promotional: Each staff member will be accountable for always setting the example of positive interactions, encouraging actions and promoting co-workers, physicians’ hospital, and medical group. Other assignments as requested by leadership team. KNOWLEDGE/EXPERIENCE: Must be a graduate of an approved School of Ultrasound technology. Knowledge in all aspects of ultrasonography, including vascular, abdominal, OB/GYN and interventional work, assisting the physician with thoracentesis, paracentesis, amniocentesis, biopsies, surgical procedure guidance, etc. Must be able to work with all ultrasound equipment competently. EDUCATION: Graduate from an approved AMA school of ultrasound technology, registry eligible to take national registries in one or more sonographic modalities, is required. LICENSE/CERTIFICATION/REGISTRY: Registered by the ARDMS in either Abdomen, OB/GYN, or Vascular is strongly preferred. Registries in more than one registry is strongly preferred. Additional compensation will be given for needed registries, as determined by the Director of Diagnostic Imaging and People Services. Current BLS is required. Aptitudes: Demonstrated ability to effectively and creatively solve problems with a minimum of immediate supervision Demonstrated ability to plan and use time wisely. *Demonstrate ability to effectively communicate with patients/families who may be under physical and emotional stress. *Gather and exchange information effectively with nursing personnel, physicians, and customers. *Ability to enter data accurately using the assigned computer systems, e.g. RIS/HIS, PACS, etc. 6260.65