Title: Senior Product Line Manager, Fiber Optical Pathway
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Belong. Believe. Be You. Belden. Propel your career surrounded by a diverse team of innovative, goal-oriented individuals who are pursuing the next generation of connectivity solutions. At Belden, you’ll participate in work that will challenge you and position you to excel. You’ll collaborate with colleagues from around the world, gaining exposure to a broad base of expertise and perspectives. Together, we’ll continue on a journey of innovation, creating a connected world and paving the way for automation. Join us and let’s build the future. Belden is seeking a Sr. Product Line Manager for Fiber Optical Pathway (Fiber Optic Cables and microducts) products. This position will be responsible for the daily product line management and profitable future growth of Pathway product line in North America. The Pathway product line includes fiber optic drop and distribution cables (bulk and connectorized), microducts and integrated connectivity products. This position reports to the VP, Global Product Management and may be remote with travel to Syracuse NY and other Belden locations. You will make a difference in the following ways: Develop quantifiable strategies for profitable growth at the product line level that supports the company’s overall goals and values. Participate in the strategy development process. Manage the product portfolio by charting product life cycle, adjusting the offering based on market requirements and competitive landscape.Lead the new product development process and take responsibility for quantifying market value and financial viability of proposed products. Apply project management tools as appropriate.Develop innovative methods and materials to train customers on products and PPC#s sales team on how to sell the associated value proposition.Establish, manage, and provide the information required for business operations such as forecasting, budgets, inventory requirements, product structure and hierarchies, and commercial policies and present those findings. Work with purchasing manager to develop and improve supplier relationships.Work closely with quality personnel to review product consistency and promote operating in a continuous improvement environment. What you bring: Education: Bachelor’s degree in engineering, marketing or field relevant to the primary functions of the role; Master’s degree preferredExperience: Minimum three (3) years of B2B product/portfolio management experience with cable and telco service providers, combined with three (3) years of experience in fiber optic cable industry and fiber connectivity products; Proven experience overseeing and driving product development and new product launches; Distribution and direct selling model and experience in the overall commercial works of sales.Knowledge & Skills: Pricing and capital budgeting, inventory turns, SIOP (Sales Inventory Operations Planning) experience, sales budgeting and sales plan development, and experience building a value story. Applicants can expect a base compensation range of $112,500 - $168,500 annually, plus benefits and additional incentives based on the level of the role. This is the reasonable estimate that Belden believes it might pay for this job based on applicable circumstances at the time of posting. Belden may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range as permitted by law, and commensurate with the applicant’s experience, qualifications, and geographical location. Belden also offers hybrid and remote work practices where feasible and provides employees with benefits that could include health/dental/vision, long term/short term disability, life insurance, HSA/FSA, matching retirement plans, paid vacation, parental leave, employee stock purchase plan, paid leave for volunteer work in your community, training opportunities, professional talent management and succession planning, corporate health well-being initiatives and a work culture which includes commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion and sustainability! Let’s Write the Next 100 Years Together. Join a global community striving to improve connectivity and security. The work we’re doing puts our people on the front lines of impacting lives and shaping the future. Propel your story of innovation by helping Belden write the next chapter in ours. Shape your future at Belden. These statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work involved for this job. It is not an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of this job.