Title: Brand Manager
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Company Background: Geloso Beverage Group is ranked among the top Beer and Flavored Malt Beverage suppliers in America. We have two multi-award-winning brands, Clubtails and Johny Bootlegger in addition to our newest brand Clubtails Crushers. Our products are available in thousands of grocery, drug, and convenience stores from coast to coast. Our US headquarters is in Rochester, NY and our global headquarters are in Laval, Québec. Position Description:Reporting to the Director of Marketing, we are searching for a talented Brand Manager to collaborate on exciting brand journeys, turn insights into action, and deliver memorable marketing campaigns. Your mission is to grow our Flavored Malt Beverage brands with your Brand Management acumen and a commitment to excellence. You will work cross functionally with a vibrant and experienced team where your passion for brand building will lead to meaningful impact. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:Work collaboratively to create and execute marketing plans for the assigned brand portfolios and ensure timely delivery of projects.Produce data driven business plans to support current SKU’s, new products and new placements with distributors and retailers. Analyze competitive actions and market trends and make recommendations to the management team.Support the sales team across the country by assisting with field visits to build relationships with distributers and customers.Assist in the measurement, analysis, and optimization of KPI’s and ROAS for omnichannel consumer marketing campaigns to maximize trial and repurchase.Work collaboratively to plan and implement dynamic field advertising, events, and off premise campaigns.Participate in other tasks as needed. Requirements:Bachelor’s degree in marketing, communications, or related field.At least 2-3 years of brand management or marketing experience within the CPG industry (food and beverage preferred).Demonstrate outstanding marketing and brand management skills.Capable of analyzing data to draw conclusions with actionable recommendations to senior management.Strong commercial and entrepreneurial awareness, and the ability to influence.High proficiency with consumer insights, analytical skills, presentation skills, storytelling, and creativity.Travel up to 20% of the time. Salary: From $70,000 plus per year Benefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insurance