Title: Clinical Supervisor *Sign-On Bonus $2,500- $3,500*
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description: POSITION TITLE: Clinical Supervisor REPORTS TO: Program Director POSITION SUMMARY: Under the direction of the Program Director, the Clinical Supervisor is responsible for the delivery of all clinical treatment services in an OASAS 820 certified residential services program. The Clinical Supervisor ensures the quality of treatment services, the fidelity of evidence-based service delivery and timely documentation of all group and individual counseling services and support services delivered by the facility's clinical staff. The Clinical Supervisor promotes an atmosphere that encourages individualized services and consumer involvement in therapeutic activities. The Clinical Supervisor is responsible for oversight of job performance, guidance of all clinical staff members and for the direct supervision of all assigned subordinate staff members. The Clinical Supervisor is responsible for maintaining OASAS regulatory compliance and assuring that programs operate in accordance with VIP Community Services organizational standards. POSITION DESCRIPTION: · Provide and document direct supervision for designated staff as per VIP Community Services policies. Prepare written annual evaluations, including the development of annual goals, on staff under his/her supervision. · In collaboration with the Program Director, responsible for all personnel actions, including recruitment, hiring, promotion, disciplinary action and separation of program staff. · Provide and implement formal orientation plan to newly hired direct subordinate staff and ensures all clinical staff members are adequately trained. · Review all admissions to the residence and assigns cases accordingly. Review all discharges and ensure appropriate referrals for all clients discontinuing treatment. · Implement, monitor and provide oversight of all aspects related to the delivery of residential substance use disorder services. Ensure compliance with all clinical policies and procedures and protocols. · Conduct regular and direct observations of all clinical treatment activities (e.g., groups, workshops, seminars). · Conduct regular clinical and administrative meetings with staff. · Conduct utilization review, incident management and review and quality assurance reviews. · Assure that staff maintains accurate and confidential clinical records that comply with external monitoring agency standards and internal policy and procedures. · Ensure compliance with all referent communications, HRA STARS reporting, and HRA finger imaging verification. · Act as consumer advocate, assuring that all consumers' rights are respected and that all grievances and complaints are addressed in a timely and equitable manner in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. · When necessary, will provide crisis intervention services and/or maintain a caseload of assigned clients. · Prepare all assigned proposals and reports. · Assume responsibility for program operations in the absence of the Program Director. · Provide ongoing training for clinical staff and participate in VIP Community Services' in-service trainings. · Lead clinical quality improvement activities in collaboration with Program Director. · Represent VIP Community Services at community and public forums. · Provide on-call availability as assigned. · Other relevant duties as assigned by Program Director. POSITION QUALIFICATIONS: · Graduate degree in Social Work, Psychology, Counseling, Human Services, or related field preferred. · A minimum of two (2) years administrative and clinical experience in a substance use disorder treatment or human service setting required · One (1) year experience in a clinical supervisory role preferred. · Qualified Mental Health Professional (e.g., LCSW, LMSW, LMHC, CRC, Ph.D., MSN, CASAC, etc.) preferred. · Ability to interact effectively with all populations served. · Excellent written and oral communication skills. · Proficiency with computer operation (Microsoft Word, Excel, Electronic Health Record and Outlook programs) · Ability to speak, read and write the English language. · Must be able to work a flexible schedule including evenings and weekends · This position will require availability as needed including on call responsibilities. JOB SETTING: · Must possess sight, hearing and digital senses or use prosthesis that will enable the essential functions of the job to be completed. NOTE: This description reflects management's assignment of the essential functions. It does not restrict the tasks that may be assigned. Tasks are subject to change at any time due to any reasonable but necessary conditions. PM20Requirements: Salary: 70000 - 75000 Yearly Salary PI239284694