Title: Principal Software Engineer
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: What is special about Lighthouse? Lighthouse is built on a foundation of unique, compassionate, highly driven individuals. We elevate the strengths and talents of those around us while leveraging opportunities for growth. We offer the experience of solving complex problems while continuing to grow multiple facets of your career. Lighthouse is where innovation meets support and where collaboration is the key ingredient to success. We grow together and are stronger together. What’s unique about this role? Lighthouse is seeking a highly skilled Principal Software Engineer to join the Technical Leadership team in Technology Services Group Organization. We are looking for a dedicated and highly experienced practitioner with passion for enabling engineering teams, modern software development approaches, implementing best practices, and highly attuned to latest industry trends. The chosen candidate will lead and collaborate with the rest of the leadership team(s) members to help grow and evolve our product portfolio and capabilities alongside our fast-growing business demands. What will this person do? Thinks about the product ecosystem for reliability, scalability, maintainability, extensibility, portability, and security. Leads a delivery team to ensure it meets scope/requirements, testing, and intended business use without direct managerial duties.Strong technical leader to help build reusable technology components in modern software engineering practices using C#, net core, and distributed platforms.Takes initiative to identify and solve important problems, coordinating with others on cross team architectural and operational concerns or issues.Guides the team(s) to arrive at technical consensus; ability to clearly document and articulate these decisions and help keeping teams on track with implementation.Able to manage expectations from those outside the delivery organization and speak well informed and independently about the teams’ work.Demonstrated excellent mastery in building modern, distributed architected applications with knowledge of web technologies (HTTP, REST, OData, Graph, Web APIs, micro-services). Ability to coach others to implement such systems using iterative approach. Bring your passion and together we will shine. It would also be great if you have the following: B.S. in Science/Engineering/Mathematics or equivalent.7+ years of designing, developing, debugging, and securing C# and net core.4+ years in leading technical teams throughout the various stages of a product lifecycle. Excellent skills in Front-End frameworks, and back-ends via .Net 8/7/6/3.x/Full Framework 4.X/Asp.Net MVC and WebAPI/C#Highly proficient with Cloud-Native architectures and technologies, i.e. public/private cloud, containerization, k8s, infra-as-code, and scaling. Expert knowledge with designing, developing, deploying, and operating customer-facing SaaS products with DevOps model.In-depth expertise with distributed systems concepts and applying Domain Driven Design methodology to evolve enterprise scale applications.Drives adoption of DevOps practices using Microsoft Azure DevOps and has experience with better practices and operationalization of yaml based delivery pipelines.Ability to guide other teams in developing data driven solutions using NoSQL, RDBMS, and other persistence platforms. Fluent in Git-based workflows, review process, and shifting left quality practices, and compliance.Ability to multi-task, analyze and problem solve, and coach less other experienced members. Work Environment and Physical Demands Duties are performed in a typical office environment while at a desk or computer table.Duties require the ability to use a computer, communicate over the telephone, and read printed material, in a quiet and professional setting.Duties may require being on call periodically and working outside normal working hours (evenings and weekends). Lighthouse celebrates and thrives on diversity and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We hire, train, and promote regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable law. We welcome any talents and contributions you can bring to the team and are deeply committed to growing an environment where everyone can feel safe, is respected, and can show up as themselves. Come as you are! As required by applicable pay transparency laws, Lighthouse complies with compensation disclosure requirements for roles that may be hired in locations under these requirements. Factors that may be used to determine your actual salary may include a wide array of factors, including: your specific skills and experience, geographic location, or other relevant factors. The salary range for this position may be tailored to be lower or higher in different talent markets. The expected pay for this role will range from $155,000 to $175,000 per year. This role will be eligible to participate in an annual bonus or incentive program. Lighthouse offers a quality comprehensive benefits package including, medical, dental, vision, and a 401k with company match. Company paid benefits also include Life & AD&D, short and long-term disability, telemedicine through 98point6, and other wellness plans. We offer a generous Flexible PTO program and paid volunteer days. Employees may also participate in voluntary insurance plans including accident, hospitalization, and critical illness plans as well as pet insurance. As a trailblazer and catalyst for change, Lighthouse rises to each opportunity to help our clients and our people do what they do best—shine.