Title: DATA Center Operations Manager -Fort Worth TX
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Company: Cogent Communications is a multinational, Tier 1 facilities-based ISP, consistently ranked as one of the top five networks in the world and is publicly traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the ticker symbol CCOI. Cogent specializes in providing businesses with high speed Internet access and point-to-point transport services. Cogent's facilities-based, all-optical IP network backbone provides IP services in over 227 markets globally. Since its inception, Cogent has unleashed the benefits of IP technology, building one of the largest and highest capacity IP networks in the world. This network enables Cogent to offer large bandwidth connections at highly competitive prices. Cogent also offers superior customer support by virtue of its end-to-end control of service delivery and network monitoring. A competitive base salary and a full benefits package including; Health, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off ( PTO), Short- and Long-Term Disability, Life Insurance, Holidays, Parental Leave, 401 ( k) plan with employer match, stock options, and an Employee Assistance Program. Most benefits take effect within 30 days of employment, and some require a waiting period. Responsibilities: Cogent Communications is seeking an enthusiastic professional to be a Data Center/Facilities Operations Manager in the Fort Worth, Dallas area. The position will manage data centers for Cogent in the Market and will also require travel to the other markets that the employee does not reside in. The hours are Monday-Friday 8 hours per day, mainly during regular business hours. The successful applicant will also be required to be an on-call 24/7/365 and will require occasional overnight work to support planned maintenance events. Applicant must: Be able to work with minimal supervisionMulti-task multiple tasks and projects in parallelManage vendors to deliver against contracts and ordersBe familiar with data center facilities and operational best practicesMust have knowledge of facilities engineering and critical equipment in the data center ( Electrical, HVAC systems, Power systems such as UPS Units and Generators, etc)Must have knowledge of cabling and basic networking practices, required to perform various types of work orders and customer installsDeliver an excellent service to Cogent’s data center customersBe able to travel to other data centers sites in North AmericaBe able to respond to issues, emergencies, and other matters that require a dispatch to a sitePerform light physical labor as required from time to timeMust be proficient in laptop/computers skills, typing, and data entry, as documentation will be a key part of this position Qualifications: Responsible for managing all operations for the datacenters assigned to the COPS Manager responsibility, including but not limited to: Provisioning Work Orders ( Allocate/install cabinets, circuit cross connects, circuit testing, engage electrical contractor to install power)Manage large/special projects when they arise ( HVAC Augmentation, UPS Augmentation, assist with new data center acquisitions, etc)Managing/Scheduling/Overseeing maintenances & repair work with vendors/contractors ( as well as coordinating events with the NOCIdentifying vendors and acquiring/renewing preventative maintenance contracts.Maintaining Databases & Spreadsheets e.g. Cabinet/Rack inventoryPrograming/Maintaining monitoring devices, software, and web sites24/7 On-Call Position: Must handle and respond to urgent events when they occurWorking Support Tickets ( For Access, Environmental Issues, etc.)Will be required to run audits ( billing, security-related, etc)Be involved in billing/finances regarding contractors ( Generate POs for PMs & repair work, update billing databases, etc)Be familiar with and able to work with Microsoft Office programs such as PowerPoint, Visio, Excel, WordAssist cross functional teams with issues, customer related matters, questions, etc COVID-19 Policy: Cogent has adopted a mandatory vaccination and booster policy which requires all U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated with one booster against COVID-19. Prior to beginning employment, new employees must provide proof of vaccination or apply for and receive an accommodation to be exempt from the policy. By submitting an application or resume for this position, I understand that is an in-office position and agree to abide Cogent’s mandatory vaccination policy. To apply for the Data Center Operations position, please submit your resume and cover letter to careers@cogentco.com . Cogent Communications is an Equal Opportunity Employer.