Title: Director of Advancement
Work Type: Full-time
Description: POSITION: Director of AdvancementDEPARTMENT: AdvancementREPORTS TO: CEODIRECT REPORTS: N/ASTATUS: Exempt POSITION OVERVIEW The Director of Advancement serves as a primary liaison connecting the work of La Plaza to our donors, volunteers, clients and their families, and community constituents. This is a dynamic position with an external focus celebrating donor engagement and ensuring our donors are aware of challenges they can support to change the lives of those we serve and their families. In close collaboration with the senior leadership team, this position will assist in creating and managing the Advancement Plan to broaden the organization’s donor base to increase financial support. The Director of Advancement focuses on planning and executing a wide variety of fund development and marketing initiatives and events to build community awareness and support of La Plaza’s programs and services. This position exists to create and implement overall growth strategies for all fundraising activities, including individual donations, foundation relations, government support, special events oversight, and other sources of philanthropic support for La Plaza. Along with the President & CEO, the Director of Advancement serves as a key voice of, and community ambassador for, the organization and as a member of the La Plaza’s leadership team.ESSENTIAL ELEMENTS OF THE POSITION Strategic Administration: Ø Commitment to the organization’s core values and guiding principles set by the CEO and Board. Ø Work closely with the CEO on short- and long-term advancement planning and evaluation of advancement goals focused on sustainable annual and major gift philanthropic revenue growth to support interim and long-range financial goals set and approved by the Board of Directors. Ø Assist the CEO with Board development to include the Advancement Committee. Ø Oversee, monitor, and analyze reporting of metrics and outcomes for fundraising and community engagement activities and goals. Ø Work closely with CEO on to design and implement organizational marketing strategies focused on general organizational marketing that align with advancement and fundraising strategies. Fund Development Ø Design and implement an Annual Fund that is designed to build a sustainable and strong base of annual giving to support future growth in major gifts and planned giving. Ø Maintains an active portfolio of 100 to 125 donors and prospects and donors to cultivate potential contributions, designs and develops solicitation strategies, identifies gift opportunities that match donor interests, and personally solicits and closes gifts and continually stewards donors. Ø Work with La Plaza team members, staff, and volunteers to identify interests, affiliations, and capacity of major gift prospects. Ø Design and implement a donor identification and cultivation strategies for all gifts with a focus on major donors. Ø Oversee and ensure deliberate data tracking and follow up using an appropriate donor data entry system and other accounting measures. Ø Develop and implement a stewardship program designed to strengthen relationships with community stakeholders and sustain mutually beneficial relationships. Ø Oversees and manages all current fund development programs, budget, and goals for La Plaza including grants, sponsorships, and individual giving.Ø Works with President & CEO to build an annual advancement plan in order to grow – over the next three years – a consistent base of individual, corporate, and foundation gifts. Special Events Management Ø Develop and lead the vision and planning of special events aligned with advancement plan to generate philanthropic revenue and corporate support to meet budget goals and drive increased community awareness.Ø Identify and engage a Contracted Special Events Coordinator position to work closely alongside in implementing special events plan. Ø Creates and manages department budget and individual project budgets and timelines for special events and programs; monitor progress of event and program registration, sales, and revenue goals.Ø Develops and manages business relationships for securing cost efficiencies and in-kind donations for goods and services. QUALIFICATIONS AND REGUIREMENTS Ø Bachelor's degree with at least five years of nonprofit management experience; working with a board of directors and other community volunteers.Ø Strong marketing, fundraising, and community relations experience with the ability to engage a wide range of stakeholders.Ø Excellent public speaking, written, and oral communication skills and ability to develop positive interpersonal relationships quickly and effectively.Ø Skill in planning and coordinating special events; skill in public relations.Ø Demonstrated ability to reach financial goals in event execution.Ø Excellence in organizational management with the ability to drive fund development, coach staff, and develop high-performing teams to accomplish strategic objectives.Ø Displays passion, idealism, integrity, and a positive attitude, is mission-driven and self-directed.Ø Knowledge of community resources, volunteer, funding, and development resources; demonstrated ability to gain event sponsorships; demonstrated competency in grant-writing.Ø Ability to think strategically, resourcefully, and be a skilled problem-solver.Ø Proven ability to handle multiple priorities and meet deadlines.Ø Ability to be self-directed yet excel in a team environment and ability to build and maintain positive internal and external relationships.Ø Knowledge of database management, graphic design, and basic computer skills with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Publisher.To apply email resume/vitae, cover letter, and three references to: Miriam Acevedo Davismiriam@laplaza-indy.org La Plaza, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.