Title: Bilingual Assistant Educator - JOR
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Details Job Location Valparaiso, IN Education Level 2 Year Degree Job Category Nonprofit - Social Services Description Who we are National Youth Advocate Program has been serving communities and clients since 1978 and we continue to grow each year. Our growth allows us to expand and develop new and innovative programs to meet the ever-changing needs of those we serve. We offer unique and personalized services for families and individuals in four areas: Prevention/Intervention, Positive Youth Development, Out-of-Home-Placement and Reunification/Permanency. We know you are compassionate and dedicated to serving your clients and communities and NYAP is dedicated to providing support to those who join our team! We look for individuals that are ready to make a direct impact and are excited to be an instrument in supporting the needs of our children, youth and families. Working At NYAP NYAP's commitment to doing what is best for children, youth and their families is a core value and one that we look for in our newest team members. 22 Days Off Each Year! Plus 11 Paid Holidays Per Year! Medical, Dental, and Vision Competitive salaries and benefits including a 401(k), Summer Hours Off (reduced work schedule), and Work Anniversary Trips! Mileage Reimbursement, Phone Allowance, Student Loan Repayment Assistance, CEU’s and ongoing trainings/education Position Summary The Assistant Educator will provide assistance to the teaching staff. Provide feedback to the Lead Teacher about the progress of the children and discuss important issues pertaining to the children on a regular basis. Responsibilities Assist in developing lesson plans based on state requirements and the specific needs of each child Collaborate with teachers to monitor the development of each child Understand the teacher’s routine when it comes to delivering a lesson plan and running the class in the event that the teacher is absent on a particular day Work with individual children in the classroom to promote their learning and development Communicate with foster parents/guardians and keep them informed about their child’s development and any changes to the regular day-to-day schedule Minimum Qualifications Associate degree in education and/or early childhood education Valid ECE certification preferred 2+ years’ experience as a Teacher Assistant or Paraprofessional, working with minority children in a classroom environment Bilingual English/Spanish fluency Must have a valid driver’s license, reliable transportation, automotive insurance, and a good driving record. Minimum automobile insurance coverage of $100,000/300,000 bodily injury liability. Proficient use of desktop and laptop computers, internet search, people management programs, smart phones and tablets, printers, fax machines and photocopiers as well as software including word processing, spreadsheet and database programs. Other Skills A willingness to work flexible and non-traditional hours with a possibility of being on call on nights/weekends, in the service of foster caregivers, families of origin, and persons served. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Compassionate attitude and strong understanding of child development Nurturing teaching approach Qualifications The person in this position needs to follow a team concept and support both agency goals and co-workers. Employees must be able to effectively work with and be respectful and sensitive to persons from various cultures, socioeconomic, ethnic, religious, and racial backgrounds.