Title: Tech, Calibration/Instrumentation (Days)
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description The Engineering Maintenance and Site Service department within the site is seeking a highly motivated individual for a Calibration Technician position. This individual will partner with Maintenance management, and work with Manufacturing Operations, Quality, and Global Engineering Services as a member of the EMSS. The EMSS team provides technical, calibration, maintenance, and engineering support for the manufacturing in Durham, NC. The Calibration Technician is recognized as a knowledgeable resource in maintenance, calibration, and technical areas and consulted in decision making. The individual in this role will be responsible for maintaining equipment data, performing Preventative Maintenance (PM) and unplanned repair activities, calibration activities and PM/Calibration documentation, schedule adherence, working with customers, analyzes equipment performance, and assist in writing maintenance/calibration work instructions. The Calibration Technician will use computerized systems such as SAP for PM data entry and report generation. Will also be using Procal for any calibration entry. The calibration Technician will also use systems related to EMSS such as MES, Delta V, and other software systems. Position Responsibilities Communicate effectively to Operations and scheduling personnel. Able to prioritize scheduled work. Self-motivated, applies knowledge, and skills to other areas within the department; provides technical guidance and training to others. Anticipates and solves complex production/operational problems.Effectively coordinates work across upstream and downstream team members. Guide’s others in seeking out ideas and information to improve customer service. Demonstrates ability to meet customer expectations in term of quality/quantity and on-time delivery as appropriate.Oversee and maintain schedule adherence and unplanned maintenance, and when required calibration activities to ensure applicable equipment and systems are maintained in a compliant state.Maintains the integrity of equipment identification and specification data within the computerized calibration and maintenance management system.Troubleshoots equipment and performs necessary repairs. Utilizes various instruments and diagnostic tools (such as meters, HART communicators and Foundation Fieldbus protocol devices, pressure, electrical, and leak detectors) to facilitate analysis and repair of equipment and control systems.Identifies revisions, deletions, or additions to the calibration and maintenance programs to ensure that calibration and maintenance activities are carried out in accordance with established safety, GMP, and calibration/maintenance procedures.Uses the SAP work order system to review work requests, identify required stock and non-stock materials, ensure availability, writes incursions for upcoming work, performs work orders to completion, and maintain equipment histories.Assist in the identification and selection of replacement equipment, software, and instrumentation for existing systems and equipment.Obtains bids, reviews contract, supervises, and follows-up on contract work including the auditing of time and material reports.Assists in maintaining spare parts inventory storeroom with the potential of occasional lifting of up to 30 pounds.Perform other tasks as requested by site management to meet the requirements and goals.Perform out of tolerance reports, which may include doing reverse traceability. Calibration Drift analysis and executing changes to improve calibration program."Self-starter" attitude and ability to learn and understand new equipment or instrumentation.Propose calibration equipment upgrade requirement when needed in order to be in compliance and up to date with calibration.Review’s vendor calibration certificates.Maintain working calibration standards.Perform ProCal Entries such as calibration or change controls as needed. Education Requirements High School Diploma or equivalent is required for this position. Required Experience Two (2)+ years GMP manufacturing/processing experience.Must be willing to work 12-hour day shift on a rotating 2-2-3 schedule. Note that this schedule does include working alternating weekends and holidays.Must be able to successfully pass and maintain aseptic gowning qualification. Aseptic gowning requires that all skin and hair be covered through wearing the following: beard/mustache cover, hair net, hood and face mask, goggles, jumpsuit, gloves and boots. Must be willing to be qualified in aseptic operations and perform operator roles as needed. Must be willing and able to lift 50 lbs., bend, stoop, squat, crawl, twist, climb ladders, and wear a respirator. Computer literacy (internet browsers, e-mail, spreadsheets, word processing). Preferred Experience Associate degree in electrical, electronics, instrumentation or any other related degree.ASQ CCT Certification and or ISA CCST Certification (Any Level) NOTICE FOR INTERNAL APPLICANTS In accordance with Managers' Policy - Job Posting and Employee Placement, all employees subject to this policy are required to have a minimum of twelve (12) months of service in current position prior to applying for open positions. If you have been offered a separation benefits package, but have not yet reached your separation date and are offered a position within the salary and geographical parameters as set forth in the Summary Plan Description (SPD) of your separation package, then you are no longer eligible for your separation benefits package. To discuss in more detail, please contact your HRBP or Talent Acquisition Advisor. #VETJOBS #EBRG MSJR Employees working in roles that the Company determines require routine collaboration with external stakeholders, such as customer-facing commercial, or research-based roles, will be expected to comply not only with Company policy but also with policies established by such external stakeholders (for example, a requirement to be vaccinated against COVID-19 in order to access a facility or meet with stakeholders). Please understand that, as permitted by applicable law, if you have not been vaccinated against COVID-19 and an essential function of your job is to call on external stakeholders who require vaccination to enter their premises or engage in face-to-face meetings, then your employment may pose an undue burden to business operations, in which case you may not be offered employment, or your employment could be terminated. Please also note that, where permitted by applicable law, the Company reserves the right to require COVID-19 vaccinations for positions, such as in Global Employee Health, where the Company determines in its discretion that the nature of the role presents an increased risk of disease transmission. Current Employees apply HERE Current Contingent Workers apply HERE US And Puerto Rico Residents Only Our company is committed to inclusion, ensuring that candidates can engage in a hiring process that exhibits their true capabilities. Please click here if you need an accommodation during the application or hiring process. About We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. For more information about personal rights under the U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment laws, visit: EEOC Know Your Rights EEOC GINA Supplement Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination We are proud to be a company that embraces the value of bringing diverse, talented, and committed people together. The fastest way to breakthrough innovation is when diverse ideas come together in an inclusive environment. We encourage our colleagues to respectfully challenge one another’s thinking and approach problems collectively. Learn more about your rights, including under California, Colorado and other US State Acts U.S. Hybrid Work Model Effective September 5, 2023, employees in office-based positions in the U.S. will be working a Hybrid work consisting of three total days on-site per week, generally Tuesday, Wednesday and either Monday or Thursday, although the specific days may vary by site or organization, with Friday designated as a remote-working day, unless business critical tasks require an on-site presence. This Hybrid work model does not apply to, and daily in-person attendance is required for, field-based positions; facility-based, manufacturing-based, or research-based positions where the work to be performed is located at a Company site; positions covered by a collective-bargaining agreement (unless the agreement provides for hybrid work); or any other position for which the Company has determined the job requirements cannot be reasonably met working remotely. Please note, this Hybrid work model guidance also does not apply to roles that have been designated as “remote”. Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, Rahway, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails. Employee Status Regular Relocation: No relocation VISA Sponsorship No Travel Requirements No Travel Required Flexible Work Arrangements Not Applicable Shift 1st - Day Valid Driving License No Hazardous Material(s) N/A Requisition ID:R290527