Title: Sales Enablement Marketing Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Skills Required: PI6abf64ab3dab-29463-34214952
Description: Location: Reno, NV Job_Code: 6108 # of Openings: 1 Sales Enablement Marketing Manager | 100% Remote Opportunity (Must live and work in the US without sponsorship)General Summary: We are seeking a motivated and experienced Sales Enablement Marketing Manager to join our team. The Sales Enablement Marketing Manager will be a liaison between the Marketing and Sales departments, responsible for developing, executing and scaling marketing campaigns that support our Sales Team in their business and revenue goals. Essential Duties and Responsibilities:Act as a strategic advisor and sounding board for Sales and Marketing stakeholders, providing valuable insights and feedback from the field. Present innovative ideas and recommendations to Sales and Marketing teams to support our business goals and enhance our competitive advantage. Serve as a brand guidelines and content expert, overseeing the development and management of sales assets such as presentation decks, landing pages, flyers, etc. Lead change management planning and communication efforts to support the implementation of new marketing programs and initiatives. Provide ongoing training, support, and guidance to Sales Team members to ensure alignment with marketing strategies and goals. Analyze campaign performance, develop optimizations, and make recommendations for campaign improvement. Perform other duties as assigned by Marketing or Sales leadership teams. Job Requirements:Bachelor's degree in Business, Marketing or another related field. 5+ years of experience in B2B marketing experience, with a focus on sales enablement or demand generation. Insurance industry experience is preferred. Ability to clearly understand and communicate KPIs. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Attention to detail and accurate reporting. Proven quantitative and analytical skills. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be substituted for the requirements listed above. Salary Range: $60,000 -$90,000 + comprehensive benefits package. Please follow the link to our benefits page for details! https://www.employers.com/careers/our-benefits-and-perks/Work Environment:Remote: This role is remote, and only open to candidates currently located in the United States and able to work without sponsorship.It requires a suitable space that provides a private and quiet workplace.Expected Work Hours: Schedules are set to accommodate the requirements of the position and the needs of the organization and may be adjusted as needed.Travel: May be required to travel to off-site location(s) to attend meetings, as necessary EMPLOYERS is a dynamic, fast-growing provider of workers' compensation insurance and services, we are seeking a goal-oriented individual willing to put their ideas to work!We offer a positive, challenging work environment, combined with an opportunity to build your career as you help us grow our business, in innovative and imaginative ways that are uniquely EMPLOYERS®!Headquartered in Nevada, EMPLOYERS/ attributes its long-standing success to its most valuable resource, our employees across the United States. EMPLOYERS/ is known for the quality service and expertise we provide to our clients, and the exemplary work environment we provide for our employees.We live and breathe our core values: Integrity, Customer Focus, Collaboration, Initiative, Accountability, Innovation, and Personal Fulfillment. These are the pillars that support how we do business with our clients as well as how we treat each other!At EMPLOYERS, you’ll discover an energetic environment that inspires top achievement. As “America’s small business insurance specialist”, we have the resources, a solid reputation, and an expanding nationwide identity to enrich your work/life and enhance your career. HP22