Title: Coordinator, Finance
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Paul Hastings is a leading international law firm that provides innovative legal solutions to many of the world's top financial institutions and Fortune Global 500 companies. With a strong presence throughout Asia, Europe, Latin America, and the U.S., we have the global reach and extensive capabilities to provide personalized service wherever our clients’ needs take us. As one of the world’s leading law firms, we seek dynamic individuals who share our commitment to service, innovation, and professional growth. We have an opening for a Coordinator, Finance. The Coordinator, Finance coordinates and assists with the time keeping and billing functions and systems for the firm’s timekeepers, clients and matters. In this capacity, the Coordinator, Finance will: Assist in maintaining the Timekeeper, Client and Matter master tables in the Firm’s accounting system (3E): Setup Effective Dated Records within all 3 maintenance tables; Assist IT department in managing/reconciling the Firm’s timekeeping system and time corrections; Assist with the Intapp Intake system for updating and creating new clients and matters within 3E; Work with Billing Team to Update Billing and eBilling assignments; Setup and maintain PTA/Task/Activity codes for Client Matters; Adjusting time entries and record adjusting time entries and time corrections as needed; Work with Billing Team to Update Billing and eBilling assignments; Assist with pulling Disbursement and Invoice Backup; Maintain Proforma Tracker CSS assignments; Update billing attorney assignments (sent to both Billing and the Time departments); User Acceptance Testing (UAT) during system upgrades and implementations; Work overtime as required, in particular at month end and year end; and Handle additional related projects as assigned. Proficiencies: Advanced proficiencies in Excel and 10 key; Good verbal and written communications skills; Ability to input information accurately into various systems; Ability to multitask, organize and prioritize work; Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships; Ability to work under pressure and meet deadline; and Fundamental knowledge of 3E and Word. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree (preferred); and At least 2 years of accounting experience (required). Employees will be provided with an excellent career opportunity in a collaborative environment, in addition to a generous total compensation package with the opportunity to earn bonuses based on individual contribution and firm profitability. Eligible employees can participate in the Firm’s comprehensive benefits program, which include the following: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life/AD&D, Long Term Care, and Short and Long Term Disability Flexible Spending Account and Health Savings Account Healthcare Concierge and Advocacy Voluntary 401k Plan and Profit Sharing 10 Paid Holidays per year and a generous PTO program Family Support including Pediatric Mental Health and Parental Support, Paid Parental Leave, Fertility Benefits, and Breast Milk Shipping Back-up Child Care, Elder Care, and Tutoring Wellness Programs (Employee Assistance Program, Mental Health, and Well-Being Events) Retirement Plan Consulting Anniversary Bonus Program Professional Development Programs Transportation Allowance and Commuter Benefits International Travel Insurance Auto/Home/Legal Insurance Pet Insurance Employee discounts And more! The Firm has a range of diversity initiatives including our Paul Hastings Affinity Networks (PHANs), Women’s Initiative, and PH Balanced. These initiatives provide a firmwide forum to share experiences, as well as an opportunity to participate in a supportive network with common interests to help make life at the firm more inclusive. Learn more about our Global Diversity, Inclusion and Wellness Initiatives here . Paul Hastings LLP is an equal employment and affirmative action employer F/M/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.