Title: International Treasury Analyst
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: LOCATION 4287 Route 130 S Edgewater Park NJ US 08010 Overview The International Treasury Analyst manages approximately $1 billion in Burlington merchandise and transportation payments. They provide daily/monthly financial and operational analysis, auditing, GL coding, and payment processing for vendors and third-party providers. Responsibilities include supporting monthly close processes, forecasting, accruals, reporting, business objectives, and initiatives. They assist the bank with merchandise letter of credit and open account payments, ensure timely and accurate wire payments, and track all transactions. Additionally, they audit, code, and process transportation and third-party provider invoices against contracted rates, create and analyze reports for accruals and forecasting, and support audits for SOX and Customs compliance. They also assist with international payment matches for corporate and distribution center receiving processes. A Day in the Life: International 3rd party provider payments and reportingInternational vendor merchandise payments and reportingPartner with vendors and carriers to resolve any discrepanciesSupport finance department with an accurate timely monthly close process, forecast, accrual, reporting, business objectives, strategic goals, and initiatives.Support the finance department with internal and external auditors for periodic reviews regarding SOX and Customs compliance, support all corporate and DC receiving processes related to international payment matches.Creating, tracking, and analyzing reports to support the accrual and forecasting process.Develop and maintain partner relationships with business units and corporate stakeholders (IT, Bamboo Rose, Merchandising, Finance, Vendors, Carriers, etc.)Create Value-added reporting including KPI’s and Monthly Reporting MetricsSupport new business initiatives and special projects as requiredDemonstrate a good understanding and knowledge of accounting principles and internal controls and apply them to daily functionsCollaboratively work with other business partnersSeek out process efficiencies and improvements You'll Come With: Education: Bachelor’s degree or three years of accounting or financial experienceStrong Analytical, Problem Solving and Organizational skillsExperience working independently and in groups in order to achieve departmental goalsProficiency in spreadsheet and computerized accounting applicationsAbility to communicate clearly in both verbal and written form and relate effectively with othersAbility to meet operating deadlines with minimal supervisionAbility to document processes and learn new systemsAbility to multitask and work within deadlines and challenge status quoStrong attention to detailProficient with MS Office applications. Including advanced excel and Teams Sheets.Proficient in report writer or query applications Come join our team. You’re going to like it here! You will enjoy a competitive wage, flexible hours, and an associate discount. Burlington’s benefits package includes medical, dental and vision coverage including life and disability insurance. Full time associates are also eligible for paid time off, paid holidays and a 401(k) plan. We are a rapidly growing brand, and provide a variety of training and development opportunities so our associates can grow with us. Our teams work hard and have fun together! Burlington associates make a difference in the lives of customers, colleagues, and the communities where we live and work every day. Burlington Stores, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer committed to workplace diversity. \ \ Posting Number 2024-220203 Location US-NJ-Edgewater Park Address 4287 Route 130 S Zip Code 08010 Workplace Type Hybrid Position Type Regular Full-Time Career Site Category Corporate Position Category Supply Chain Evergreen Yes Min USD $50,000.00/Annual Mid USD $65,000.00/Annual