Title: Business Analyst Intern (Year-Round)
Experience Level: Internship
Work Type: Internship
Description: When applicable, Bombardier promotes flexible and hybrid work policies. Why join us? Bombardier is a global leader in aviation, focused on designing, manufacturing and servicing the world's most exceptional business jets and specialized mission platforms. Bombardier has been successful in setting the highest standards because we are a people-centric business that fosters passion, diversity and authenticity. Prioritizing employee growth and development, we empower everyone to reach their full potential on their own terms. Bombardier Our team manages the aftermarket supply chain for Rotable parts. We work to ensure part’s availability for our Exchange business. Continuous improvement throughout the cycle is key to a clean business flow and to optimize recovery and performance. In your role, you will Manage project management data tools in PowerBi via importation of data through the MS office suite tools as well as update and maintain governance visibility.Collect and analyse data to provide visibility of supply chain management gaps to drive process improvements.Monitor trends of supply chain metrics reporting tools and reports deviations to plan.Adhere to General Work Requirements. As our ideal candidate College FreshmanAdhere to General Work RequirementsAnalyze and compile dataUpdate and maintain databasesAssist with special projects that focus on delivering results against the business planAssist the Team with business analysisWork as part of the Team to provide support to ensure reliability and efficiency with processes Interface with Bombardier personnel to ensure consistent, practical and effective solutionsYou have advanced proficiency skills with Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint & Access)You have proficient skills with Azure Synapse Analytics.You have proficient skills with Python, SQL, Visual Basics languages. You have strong communication skills: written and verbal, editing ability a plus.You have organizational skills: ability to prioritize and work independently, meet deadlines, multitask and balance various assignments.You have interpersonal skills: work in team of dynamic individuals, ability to remain professional through stressful situation. Now that you can see yourself in this role, apply and join the Bombardier family! Bombardier is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, disability status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by Federal, National, or Local Laws. Job Business Analyst Intern (Year-Round) Primary Location Wichita, ADMN / MFG, Learjet Organization Learjet Inc Shift Employee Status Temporary Referral Amount Requisition 3319 Business Analyst Intern (Year-Round)