Title: Sales Consultant (Base + Uncapped Commission!)
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: As an In-Home Sales Representative at West Shore Home®, you are positioned for success through pre-set appointments paired with an uncapped base salary plus commission structure and a supportive team and training program to assist you in the next level of career achievement. You will report directly to our Sales Manager and be supported by our Team Leads, Sales Trainers, Customer Service & Operations professionals and all levels of regional leadership. Why Work at West Shore Home? We are on a mission to do something that has never been done before – to build the first nationwide home remodeling brand. That requires a high level of imagination, commitment, and determination from people who take extreme ownership of their circumstances. We are proud that our commitment to culture has earned us the 2023 Top Workplaces USA award as one of the nation’s top employers, as well as distinct recognition in the following categories: Leadership, Purpose & Values, and Compensation & Benefits. We’ve Got You Covered With Base salary + uncapped commission pay structure, earnings up to $200K+* Interactive paid training program that provides you the tools & skills needed to achieve immediate success Leadership development initiatives designed to prepare you for your next step in your career One three-day weekend per month and one evening off per week A generous benefits package including insurances, Paid Time Off, 401K with company match To supplement the uncapped commission structure, representatives are provided a $25,000 base salary. Reasonable annual income expectations for this role range between $90,000 and $200,000. What You’ll Contribute In This Role, You Can Expect To Run up to 3 pre-scheduled, in-home appointments each day within your radius between the hours of 9am-6pm Mon-Fri, and 9am-2pm on Saturdays Attend weekly team meetings and individual & group training workshops Lead your clients through an interactive and highly personalized one-call close sales process Absolutely NO cold-calling or lead generation required. All leads are warm & pre-confirmed. We want you to be able to focus on doing what you do best – selling! What It Takes to Succeed At West Shore Home, We Are Default Aggressive Towards Our Goals And Take Extreme Ownership Of Our Results. We’ll Provide You With The Training And Tools To Set You Up For Success, And We Hope That You’ll Bring The ability to quickly connect with anyone in any environment A competitive nature with a drive to succeed Valid Driver’s License with a clean driving record Previous sales experience preferred, but we’ve had great success with recent graduates and individuals who have worked in retail, hospitality, or other customer facing roles! Must have a valid smart phone or smart device in order to log into Company required systems using two-factor authentication Military veterans and spouses are encouraged to apply. Bilingual Spanish / English candidates with proficiency in English reading and writing are encouraged to apply. More to Know Schedule: Exempt/Commission-based role with varying hours that can change based on scheduled appointment times Location: Charlotte, NC Seniority Level: Associate Our Growth Story What started as a local window & door replacement company in a small Pennsylvania suburb has grown into a technology-enabled home improvement powerhouse with over 2,500 employees across 16+ states. With continued national expansion plans, we have committed ourselves to staying true to our roots with a customer-first mindset and an employee-centric culture. While we come from different backgrounds and experiences, we are aligned by our values and are driven by a common goal – becoming America’s Most Admired Home Remodeling Brand®. We operate at our best when every employee works to achieve their individual potential. To facilitate this, West Shore Home actively invests in our people by providing the structure and support to challenge you as you grow professionally and offering tools to achieve personal satisfaction. If you are looking to unlock your potential and find out what you are truly capable of, there is no better place to do so. #CHCSales