Title: Quality Reviewer
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: NV5 is a provider of engineering and consulting services to public and private sector clients, delivering solutions through six business verticals: Testing, Inspection & Consulting; Infrastructure; Utility Services; Environmental Health Sciences; Buildings & Program Management; and Geospatial Technology. With offices nationwide and abroad, NV5 helps clients plan, design, build, test, certify, and operate projects that improve the communities where we live and work. As engineers, architects, construction/program managers, environmental professionals and beyond, we play a significant role in shaping our communities through the services we provide. We are looking for passionate, driven individuals to join our team focused on Delivering Solutions and Improving Lives As a Quality Reviewer, you will play a crucial role in ensuring that technical reports meet the highest standards of quality in accordance with required processes and procedures. Your primary duty will involve conducting quality reviews of technical reports to verify the accuracy of non-technical information contained within. This position demands a keen attention to detail, exceptional interpersonal abilities, and a high level of organization. If you possess these attributes and are committed to maintaining quality, we encourage you to apply for this opportunity. Responsibilities Conduct quality reviews of documents to identify errors and inconsistencies Maintain detailed electronic records of reviews Collaborate with authors to resolve comments and discrepancies Ensure that all documents meet quality standards and comply with the project policies and procedures Maintain confidentiality of records and information Work independently while communicating and coordinating work efforts with other team members Qualifications Strong attention to detail Excellent record-keeping and organizational skills Ability to effectively communicate feedback and recommendations to authors Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite and other relevant software applications Education: BA/BS degree is desirable. Three years of relevant experience in lieu of degree. The pay range for this Washington position is $17.00- $19.00 per hour; based on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience of the candidate. NV5 may provide restricted stock units, sign-on bonuses, stay bonuses, or relocation allowances as part of the compensation package. Medical, dental, and vision insurance are also offered to full-time employees, along with Flexible Spending Accounts and Health Savings Accounts, with employee and employer contributions. NV5 offers 3 weeks of Paid Time Off a year for full-time hourly employees along with 8 paid holidays a year and Flexible Time Off plan for full-time salary employees along with 6 paid holidays a year. 401(k) savings plan; Company Paid Basic life insurance and accidental death and dismemberment insurance; Company Paid Short-term and long-term disability insurance are also provided. More information can be found via hyperlink here . This information is provided per the salary transparency provisions of the Washington Equal Pay and Opportunities Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via the NV5 careers site. NV5 offers a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, life insurance, PTO, 401(k) and professional development/advancement opportunities. NV5 provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. NV5 complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.