Title: Amazon Go Retail Associate - Whittier, CA
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description Work Address: 14249 Whittier Blvd, Whittier, CA, 98605 Pay Rate: $17.40 per hour Availability Requirements Part-time: Shift availability required 3 weekdays and 1 weekend day per weekShifts are between 5 a.m. and 11 p.m. and may be up to 8 hours long Job Responsibilities As an Amazon Go Retail Associate, you’ll act as the face of Amazon and help deliver a seamless shopping experience for our customers. We’re looking for individuals who have a passion to delight customers, a desire to continuously learn, and are comfortable working in a fast-paced environment. Your workday may include the following responsibilities: Customer Service: Greet customers, answer questions, and offer product recommendationsReturn Processing: Receive, process, and stow Amazon.com returnsInventory Management: Use inventory management systems to scan, process, and count productStore Presentation: Maintain a cleanly and well-stocked store environmentFood and Beverage Handling: Prepare, package, and label food items such as burritos, sandwiches, salads, and wraps; please note this may include meat and alcohol handlingEquipment Use: Use and clean equipment such as cutting tools, microwaves, and scales Benefits Eligible employees have access to the following benefits on the first day of employment. Healthcare (medical, dental, vision, prescription drugs)Financial benefits including 401(k) and life insuranceWage paid weekly with access to receive up to 75% of your pay at any timePaid time off (PTO)Employee discountsEmployee Assistance Program and resources to support health & well-beingOn-the-job training and skills developmentTuition assistance to help you meet your educational goalsAccess to employee affinity groups including Asians at Amazon, Black Employee Network, Families at Amazon, Glamazon, Latinos at Amazon, Warriors at Amazon, Women at Amazon, and more. Visit hiring.amazon.com/why-amazon/benefits#/ to learn more about Amazon benefits and culture. Requirements Must be at least 18 years of ageMust be able to obtain Food Handler’s Certification upon request Basic Qualifications Must have a high school or equivalent diploma Preferred Qualifications Customer-facing, retail, and/or food handling experience Working Conditions Must be able to lift up to 49 lbsMust be able to stand and/or walk for duration of shift (up to 8 hours) About Amazon Go Amazon Go is a new take on convenience stores, with no lines and no checkout. Customers can use the Amazon app to enter the store, choose from an assortment of fresh meals and grocery essentials, and go. The checkout-free shopping experience is made possible by our Just Walk Out Technology, which detects when products are taken from or returned to the shelves and keeps track of them in a virtual cart. When you’re shopping is complete, you can just leave the store. Shortly after, we’ll charge your Amazon account and send you a receipt. Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . We encourage applications from candidates who are returning to the workforce, have military experience, are seniors, or do not have a college degree. Note: This job description provides a general summary of essential responsibilities for the position and is not an exhaustive list. Duties may differ based on business conditions, or departmental or geographic location. Eligibility requirements apply to some benefits and may depend on job classification and length of employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be subject to specific plan or program terms. Amazon does not provide immigration sponsorship or support for this particular role, including but not limited to F-1 CPT/OPT, H-1B, L-1, TN, and other non-immigrant visas. Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $15.50 /hr in our lowest geographic market, up to $21.75 /hr in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors, including market location, and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Company - Amazon Retail LLC Job ID: AOL3758