Title: SQL DBA - REMOTE
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Overview Connection has a fantastic opportunity working aid model for a non for profit organization working remotely from WV. This is a full time direct hire opportunity with excellent benefits. The DBA, works under direct supervision of the Manager and follows a variety of established procedures along with verbal and written instructions. Responsibilities Duties include: Day-to-day operational support to administer and maintain operation databases. Installation, configuration, patching and upgrading of database server software and related products. Establishing and maintain backup and recovery policies and procedures. Implementing and maintaining database security. Performing database tuning, performance monitoring and troubleshooting database errors. Setting up and maintaining documentation and standards. Planning growth and changes (capacity planning). Creating and maintaining SQL and PL/SQL queries and shell scripts. Finding and debugging malfunctioning programs affecting database integrity. Setting and maintaining database standards. Managing database access. Recommending and implementing emerging database technologies. Creating and managing database reports. Be available for on-call support as needed. Evaluating new database features and making recommendations. Sharing knowledge and mentoring other IT staff as needed. Performing disaster recovery operations and data backups when required; and Suggesting improvements to database capacity, performance, and scalability Social media or user generated content experience Database cloud management with Azure and AWS Experience with critical operations in a HIPAA environment Experience with web-based applications Strong experience as a Database Administrator and database related utilities and tools Experience and understanding of database technologies (MySQL, MS SQL, NO-SQL) Advanced knowledge of database security, backup and recovery, and performance monitoring tools and standards Experience and understanding of database design, implementation, troubleshooting and maintenance. Ability to perform both database and operating system performance tuning and monitoring. Min USD $75,000.00/Yr. Max USD $95,000.00/Yr. Qualifications Skills: Experience using SQL Query Tools, Oracle etc. Experience using Power Automate, PowerBI, SSIS, Tableau a plus Experience with object-oriented design and data modeling Familiarity with user experience design principles and processes Experience with third-party applications/tools and integration tools Knowledge of web application security considerations A bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field or combined with related experience. At least five years of database administration experience.