Title: LVN Resident - Sub Acute *PLCMSP June 2024*
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Description Providence is inviting current nursing students and recent graduates to apply for our LVN Residency Program at Little Company of Mary San Pedro . An LVN Residency with Providence will provide the foundation and support essential to becoming an expert in your specialty. Learn through a combination of structured curriculum, simulation, and authentic patient experience guided by experienced preceptors. If you are a recent graduated LVN, with less than 6 months of experience, then the Providence resident program is for you. The position starts on June 3, 2024 Full-Time Day and Night available Providence is calling for applications to several New Grad LVN residency programs. An LVN Residency with Providence St. Joseph Health will provide the foundation and support essential to becoming an expert in your specialty. Learn through a combination of structured curriculum, simulation, and authentic patient experiences guided by experienced preceptors. If you are a recently graduated LVN, with less than 6 months of experience, then the Providence resident program is for you. Providence nurses are not simply valued – they’re invaluable. You will thrive in our culture of patient-focused, whole-person care built on understanding, commitment, and mutual respect. Your voice matters here, because we know that to inspire and retain the best nurses, we must empower them. Learn why nurses choose to work at Providence by visiting our Nursing Institute page. Join our team at Providence Little Company of Mary San Pedro Hospital. As a Providence caregiver, you’ll apply your specialized training to deliver world-class health with human connection and make a difference every day through your extraordinary care. Required Qualifications Completion of program for Licensed Vocational Nurse.California Licensed Vocational Nurse upon hireNational Provider BLS - American Heart Association upon hireCompleted a pre-licensure nursing program and is newly licensed. Length of time since graduation can vary; however, typically is less than 6 months from graduation. Preferred Qualifications Completion of course in Intravenous Therapy approved by the LVN Board. Why Join Providence? Our best-in-class benefits are uniquely designed to support you and your family in staying well, growing professionally, and achieving financial security. We take care of you, so you can focus on delivering our Mission of caring for everyone, especially the most vulnerable in our communities. About Providence At Providence, our strength lies in Our Promise of “Know me, care for me, ease my way.” Working at our family of organizations means that regardless of your role, we’ll walk alongside you in your career, supporting you so you can support others. We provide best-in-class benefits and we foster an inclusive workplace where diversity is valued, and everyone is essential, heard and respected. Together, our 120,000 caregivers (all employees) serve in over 50 hospitals, over 1,000 clinics and a full range of health and social services across Alaska, California, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas and Washington. As a comprehensive health care organization, we are serving more people, advancing best practices and continuing our more than 100-year tradition of serving the poor and vulnerable. The amounts listed are the base pay range; additional compensation may be available for this role, such as shift differentials, standby/on-call, overtime, premiums, extra shift incentives, or bonus opportunities. Check out our benefits page for more information about our Benefits and Rewards. About The Team The Sisters of Providence and Sisters of St. Joseph of Orange have deep roots in California, bringing health care and education to communities from the redwood forests to the beach shores of Orange county - and everywhere in between. In Southern California, Providence provides care throughout Los Angeles County, Orange County, High Desert and beyond. Our award-winning and comprehensive medical centers are known for outstanding programs in cancer, cardiology, neurosciences, orthopedics, women's services, emergency and trauma care, pediatrics and neonatal intensive care. Our not-for-profit network provides a full spectrum of care with leading-edge diagnostics and treatment, outpatient health centers, physician groups and clinics, numerous outreach programs, and hospice and home care, and even our own Providence High School. Providence is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to the principle that every workforce member has the right to work in surroundings that are free from all forms of unlawful discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law. We believe diversity makes us stronger, so we are dedicated to shaping an inclusive workforce, learning from each other, and creating equal opportunities for advancement. Requsition ID: 265655 Company: Providence Jobs Job Category: Nursing-Patient Facing Job Function: Nursing Job Schedule: Full time Job Shift Career Track: Nursing Department: 7017 LCMSP SUBACUTE Address: CA San Pedro 1322 W Sixth St Work Location: Providence Little Co of Mary Subacute Care Ctr-San Pedro Pay Range: $27.38 - $42.71 The amounts listed are the base pay range; additional compensation may be available for this role, such as shift differentials, standby/on-call, overtime, premiums, extra shift incentives, or bonus opportunities. Check out our benefits page for more information about our Benefits and Rewards. PandoLogic. Keywords: Preceptor, Location: San Pedro, CA - 90733