Title: Registered Nurse - Operating Room - Day
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description Full-time Day/Evening Shift 72 hours bi-weekly 8-hour shifts Mon to Friday Shifts include 0700 to 1530 and shifts that include through 2330 Includes on-call weeknights, weekends, and holidays General Summary Provides professional nursing care at the beginner practitioner level in accordance with the principles of patient and family-centered care based on the nursing process and according to the clinical standards of the hospital. Acts as a primary nurse for patients on the unit. Coordinates care planning with other disciplines. May require specialized skills depending on unit assignment. About Us WellSpan’s vision is to reimagine healthcare through the delivery of comprehensive, equitable health and wellness solutions throughout our continuum of care. As an integrated delivery system focused on leading in value-based care, we encompass nearly 1,900 employed providers, 220 locations, eight award-winning hospitals, home care and a behavioral health organization serving South Central Pennsylvania and northern Maryland. With a team more than 20,000 strong, WellSpan experts provide a range of services, from wellness and employer services solutions to advanced care for complex medical and behavioral conditions. Our clinically integrated network of 2,600 aligned physicians and advanced practice providers are dedicated to providing the highest quality and safety, inspiring our patients and communities to be their healthiest. Organization WellSpan Ephrata Community Hospital One of eight premier hospitals in the WellSpan system, WellSpan Ephrata Community Hospital offers a full range of leading-edge inpatient, outpatient and emergent care services. The hospital is noted for its distinct ability to combine state-of-the-art medical technology with quality, compassionate care to meet the needs of the more than 550,000 residents of northern Lancaster County and the surrounding area. As a full-service, non-profit acute-care hospital, with a 141 licensed bed capacity, WellSpan Ephrata Community Hospital admits approximately 5,500 patients annually. Nearby WellSpan Ephrata Cancer Center supports the hospital as part of WellSpan’s regional network of five cancer centers. WellSpan Ephrata Community Hospital was one of several WellSpan Health hospitals honored by U.S. News & World Report with the High Performing recognition for 2022-23.