Title: Physical Therapist
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Part-time
Description: Work With Purpose At Ageility, we bring the transformative, inspiring power of movement and holistic wellness to our customers, and cultivate an energizing and nurturing environment for our team members. As pioneers in rehab and fitness for older adults, we support therapists in creatively engaging with clients through a practice setting that goes far beyond what is possible in more typical home health or medical settings. Our team does what they love, in community-based, state-of-the-art clinic settings, and with professional support from day one. Physical Therapist PRN No nights, holidays or weekends required 1:1 treatments / about 1 patient per hour What are you waiting for – Apply now! What You’ll Do Using your extensive expertise — and sincere desire to help people — to evaluate and treat active older adult patientsProvide individual therapy in our in house outpatient clinicsConnect with family members, physicians, and other team members to coordinate care and deliver successful outcomesReceive support, training and advice from our clinical practice teamInspire your patients to set and reach goals, so they can live their best lifeBe proactive identifying the patients needs and acting on themAct as your patient’s health and wellness coach to advance them to through their best lifeUse your expertise to independently and creatively to create the road map to your patient achieving their goals. What You’ll Bring Licensed Physical Therapy LicenseEstablished clinicians with at least two (2) years of clinical experienceA passion for working with active older adults About Ageility Ageility provides both rehabilitation and fitness services for a true continuum of care and return to optimal health. Our Ageility team specializes in active adults, delivering physical, occupational and speech therapy services, and personalized fitness programming in more than 200 clinics nationwide. We serve customers in senior living communities and settings. At Ageility, we’re reimagining rehab active adults who are reimagining aging. We invite you to come join a team where you can make a difference! We Got You We see and support the whole you. Because investing in you, and all our team members, is the first step in making a difference in the lives of others. Competitive compensationComprehensive Medical/Dental/Vision401k + MatchCompetitive Paid Time Off (PTO)Life, Disability & other supplemental benefitsTuition AssistanceContinuing Education Unit (CEU) CoursesFlexible Spending Account (FSA)Dependent Care FSAWellness Coaching & Personal Support BenefitsRecognition & Reward Programs Is This You? Beyond checking off the boxes, we’re looking for someone who shares our deep sense of purpose and passion for advancing the lives of others. Puts People First – You have an authentic connection to our vision of a world in which the quality of life is ageless, and a desire to advance our culture by always respecting and empowering our team members, residents, and families.Customer Focused – You strive to build and strengthen customer loyalty by delivering exceptional hospitality, thoughtful solutions, and innovative customer attraction and retention strategies.Results Oriented – You’re forward thinking, seeing the big picture as you lead with empathy and drive to exceed results. You firmly believe that the way in which we achieve results is just as important as what we accomplish together.Drives Operational Excellence – You encourage a mindset of continuous improvement. You respect ideas, collaborate, and empower others to elevate how and what we deliver for our customers and each other.Embraces Change – You’re a change driver! A positive communicator who engages all key stakeholders to help them anticipate and embrace what’s next, you’re always adjusting the target for continuous improvement. EEOC Ageility, and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated entities, prohibits discrimination against any employee or applicant for employment with regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation... Ageility, and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated entities, prohibits discrimination against any employee or applicant for employment with regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability or veteran status. In addition to federal requirements, Ageility, and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated entities, complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has communities and/or facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.