Title: Supervisor Call Center
Work Type: Full-time
Description: 2024-62240 Northside Hospital is award-winning, state-of-the-art, and continually growing. Constantly expanding the quality and reach of our care to our patients and communities creates even more opportunity for the best healthcare professionals in Atlanta and beyond. Discover all the possibilities of a career at Northside today. In collaboration with the Manager, Call Center Operations, assists in the daily running and management of the center. Provides support in the development and implementation of departmental goals. Serves as the primary trainer for call center team members. High school degree or GED. 1 to 2 years of demonstrated experience leading in a call center environment Demonstrated skills in the operation of personal computers and the use of database and word processing programs. Advanced level of computer skills with ability to use advanced features of various software programs including Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and electronic mail calendaring systems. Demonstrated oral and written communication skills. Must possess excellent interpersonal skills, diplomacy, and ability to establish collaborative working relationships with others. Ability to interact effectively and diplomatically with a broad range of personnel including colleagues, internal customers, visitors, and external organizations Ability to coordinate multiple projects and priorities simultaneously Previous experience providing coaching and feedback to team members Preferred Associate’s and or Bachelor’s degree in business healthcare administration or related fields 5 years’ experience in a call center as well as in healthcare management preferred. Familiarity with process improvement theories, concepts, and methodology e.g. Lean, etc. Formal program and or project management skills Ability to work effectively on PC platforms. Experience and knowledge of applicable voice systems call center software Knowledge of Avaya voice systems. Previous experience using call quality monitoring software