Title: Radiologic Technologist (RRT) - West Georgia Orthopedics
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Facility: Wellstar West Georgia Medical Center Job Summary: Must be flexible with work hours to meet department needs. Must be dependable, accountable and cooperative. Assists with providing safe, age appropriate care to the patient by performing all exams provided by the department according to department procedures. Has the knowledge and ability to properly and safely obtain a quality diagnostic study. Responsible for performing a wide variety of technical procedures requiring independent judgment, ingenuity and initiative in the utilization of the equipment for the diagnosis and/or treatment of diseases. Able to independently perform job functions. Sets up the equipment to provide imaging service and positions patient for the procedure. Works with students during their clinical rotation. Core Responsibilities and Essential Functions: Equipment - Demonstrates the ability to adjust technique so that patient receives the lowest possible dose of ionizing radiation and that image quality is maintained. - Reports problems regarding malfunctioning equipment to supervisor or service provider, so that problem can be corrected in a timely manner. - Cleans, disinfects and maintains equipment in accordance with infection control policy and department schedule. - Ability to operate all aspects of the system. - Ability to operate all radiographic equipment in a safe and competent manner. Assuring that equipment is not abused and is left in good working order. 15% Patient Care - Obtains complete clinical history, gathers examination data and assesses for contraindicating conditions. - Follows established procedures for the administration of contrast medias so that no patient condition deteriorates, and no patient suffers undue pain, due to error or poor technique if applicable. - Ensures that all studies have proper patient identification and right and left marker are utilized appropriately. - Reviews radiographic images for clinically acceptable results and releases patients. - Responds to emergency situations and provides for the restocking of the crash cart and maintenance of life support equipment if applicable. - Assists other technologists in all modalities when needed if applicable. - Observes patient condition and properly evaluates situations when physician intervention is necessary so that no patient condition deteriorates as the result of misjudgment. - Verifies two unique patient identifiers and correct clinical order prior to performing a procedure per policy. - Ensures patient's privacy and comfort is accommodated. - Demonstrates competence in the determination and application of appropriate procedures, equipment, supplies and techniques based on the age of patients. - Organizes schedule, time and priorities so that required activities are accomplished within designated time frames. - Uses critical thinking skills. - Asks clarifying questions. - Seeks clarification on ambiguous orders. - Understands, demonstrates and documents preprocedural verification and Time Out process when appropriate if applicable. - Demonstrates and understands pre-and-post procedural care. - Preps the patient for the procedure. - Demonstrates and understands sterile technique if applicable. - Maintains competency with venipuncture, where applicable. 50% Education and Communication - Patiently and clearly explains purpose and nature of exam to patient prior to starting of procedure, to minimize anxiety and facilitate cooperation using AIDET; Acknowledge, Introduce, Discuss, Explain, and Thank you of all patients and family members. - Ensures that patient's questions, concerns or contraindications are satisfactorily addressed, notifying physician when this cannot be accomplished, prior to the initiation of the procedure. - Participates in the orientation and training of departmental employees. - Provides patients with preparatory instruction and explanation of procedures. - Required documentation is concise, legible and includes precise terminology. - Reads email each day scheduled to work and follows through with assignment. - Completes mandatory departmental and Hospital-wide education without prompting. 15% Quality Control - Consistently produces high quality images including appropriate collimation, shielding, technique selection, penetration and positioning. - Ensures that equipment is fully operational prior to each use, by checking for proper calibration and operating deficiencies. - Sends all studies to PACS; prints CD’s as necessary. All exams are complete in RIS including image oriented, marked, labeled, and notes are accurate. - Studies that have been transmitted after hours by teleradiography are printed and scanned into PACS, if applicable. - Checks for prior exams and assures that they are loaded, if necessary, and properly labeled prior to sending to PACS. 10% Operations - Restocks linens and supplies, and maintains Diagnostic Imaging Services in clean and orderly condition. - Transports patients, positions patients, and helps them on and off procedure table. - Performs patient charging activities on the day the service is rendered. - Applies shielding, supportive and immobilization devices and equipment. - Willingly lends knowledge and assistance to others upon request as needed and routinely as time is available, without prompting, so that all working time is used for departmental advantage. - Performs routine duties of clerical and support personnel in accordance with procedure when warranted to - ensure continuity and quality of services. - Keeps supervisor informed on all responsibilities on an ongoing basis, ensuring prompt notification in the event of problems or potential problems. - Maintains an individual productivity rate equal to other co-workers. - Maintains Joint Commission and any other regulatory agency standards. - Ability to transfer / retrieve images on the PACS system. - Takes call when necessary. - Any other duties as assigned 10% Required Minimum Education: Graduate of an AMA approved School of Radiologic Technology. Required Required Minimum License(s) and Certification(s): ARRT Radiography 1.00Basic Life Support 2.00 or BLS - Instructor 2.00 Additional License(s) and Certification(s): Required Minimum Experience: Entry level position. Required Required Minimum Skills: Must exhibit excellent communication skills because this position requires frequent verbal and written communications with: physicians, patients, visitors, departmental staff and nursing staff. Candidate must be able to explain or give directions to maintain goodwill, and obtain cooperation with all contacts. Must possess the ability to function independently and under pressure while still actively participating in a team environment. Employee must exhibit excellent customer service skills at all times. Must be able to perform effectively in a stressful and fast paced work environment. Must have the ability to prioritize appropriately. Must be detail oriented and have the capacity to effectively multitask throughout the work shift. Must have excellent communication skills and the capacity to interact professionally with a variety of “customers”, including but not limited to patients, families, co-workers, volunteers, and physicians throughout the work shift. Must possess the ability to function independently, yet productively as a cooperative team member with various work teams associated with the position. Must be compliant, with a willingness to follow all Hospital policies as well as the established practices, protocols and procedures of the position, department and applicable professional standards Competent in all aspects of Diagnostic Radiology, patient positioning, exposure factors and radiation protection. Must have an understanding of anatomy and pathology as to how they affect the quality of a procedure. Competent in all aspects of Diagnostic Radiology, patient positioning, exposure factors and radiation protection. Must have an understanding of anatomy and pathology as to how they affect the quality of a procedure..