Title: Chauffeur Attendant
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: DCAS's mission is to make city government work for all New Yorkers. From managing New York City’s most iconic courthouses and municipal buildings, to purchasing over $1 billion annually in goods and services for more than 80 City agencies what we do ensures that all agencies can deliver on their mission. Our reach touches every facet of city government and is instrumental to the successful day-to-day operations of the City of New York. Our Commitment To Equity, Effectiveness, And Sustainability Guides Our Work Providing City Agencies With The Critical Resources And Support Needed To Succeed, Including Recruiting, hiring, and training City employees. Managing 55 public buildings. Acquiring, selling, and leasing City property. Purchasing over $1 billion in goods and services for City agencies. Overseeing the greenest municipal vehicle fleet in the country. Leading the City's efforts to reduce carbon emissions from government operations. When you work at DCAS, you're not just working for one agency, but in service of them all. It's an opportunity to provide impactful support, quality customer service, and help protect the future of New York City for generations to come. Visit our website at nyc.gov/dcas to learn more about the work we do. The Office of Transportation Services (OTS) within the Administration line of service of the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) is responsible for managing a fleet of vehicles that are assigned to DCAS and the Office of the Mayor for use in the conduct of official City business, managing the delivery, registration, transfer, relinquishment and salvage of agency vehicles. Additionally, OTS directly manages the agency’s Chauffeur Attendants who are responsible for providing transport to senior level agency of Mayor’s Office staff. The Office of Transportation Services is responsible for the following: Managing a DCAS fleet. Managing a Mayor's office fleet. Providing support, personnel and equipment for special events scheduled by City Hall. Providing personnel, equipment and vehicles for emergencies. Delivering new vehicles, transfers vehicle registrations, and monitors relinquishment and salvaging of replaced vehicles. Managing the agency car share program, which provides eligible agencies and personnel the opportunity to borrow a variety of vehicles for short term use. The position of Chauffeur Attendant requires the utmost professionalism, discretion, dependability, and detailed knowledge of NYC thoroughfares. Chauffeur Attendants drive senior government officials and will be required to exhibit complete discretion and maintain absolute privacy regarding any information and issues discussed within the vehicle. As part of the responsibility of providing transportation services, Chauffeur Attendants are often required to work evenings and weekends and may be required to perform other related tasks as needed including but not limited to maintaining a clean vehicle, ensuring vehicles being operated are properly maintained and reporting any issues that may arise. This position requires complete dependability, timeliness, and detailed knowledge of NYC. The candidate will be required to exhibit complete discretion and maintain absolute privacy regarding any information and issues discussed within the vehicle. Minimum Qualifications N/A Preferred Skills NYS CDL License Preferred - 5+ years of experience as a Chauffeur - Knowledge of NYC Boroughs and driving routes Public Service Loan Forgiveness As a prospective employee of the City of New York, you may be eligible for federal loan forgiveness programs and state repayment assistance programs. For more information, please visit the U.S. Department of Education’s website at https://studentaid.gov/pslf/. Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview. Additional Information The City of New York is an inclusive equal opportunity employer committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy.