Title: The North Face: District Manager (Northeast)
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: As the District Manager, you will develop, motivate, and inspire the store teams to provide excellence in customer experience, operational efficiencies, and merchandising presentation. You will exercise independent judgment and discretion in developing and articulating strategies to drive an entire district’s business. You will be responsible for managing a group of stores and enhancing the brand image with both internal and external customers. You will provide leadership and direction to each Store Manager and store team to create an environment that ensures customer satisfaction, maximum productivity, and profitability by translating and implementing company and brand developed business plans and strategies. Join the North Face Family The North Face was built on a love for the outdoors and the desire to enable all types of exploration, for all people, from their backyards to the Himalayas. Over the last 50 years we've lived by our “true north,” the belief that exploration has the power to change us, to challenge us and to help us see the world from new perspectives. To help ignite a global movement of outdoor exploration, love for the natural world and an unwavering commitment to protect it, we welcome and encourage new participants to the outdoors. We extend our reach through support of non-profit organizations, establishing programs that connect participants with close-to-home recreation opportunities, and creating a connection with young leaders, inspiring them to explore and conserve. As we enter our sixth decade, we pledge to: Empower exploration and the thrill of the unknown for as many people as possible. Protect the places where we live, play, and operate. Evolve the way we make our products. How you will make a difference: Responsibilities Maximize the net profit of stores by setting direction and providing support towards achieving objectives in sales, expenses, and inventory control. Ensure excellence in customer service in all stores by modeling brand specific service standards as well as by monitoring customer feedback and responding to and addressing all customer concerns quickly. Partner regularly with Retail Operations and other corporate partners to drive business and execute brand strategy. Perform regular audits and report analysis of store and staff performance. Ensure and enforce the visual presentation and merchandising aspects of the stores are consistent with brand vision and company standards. Ensure proper training is in place to develop employees with visual and merchandising expertise in each store location. Recruit, hire, train, and develop store leadership teams while ensuring a diverse applicant pool. Sets and maintains the standards for networking and recruiting efforts ensuring that store associates are qualified and able to perform to company standards, specifically customer service expectations. Oversee annual Performance Appraisal process, Personal Development Plans, and succession planning; provide support and guidance to the store managers on these processes. Monitor overall store performance regarding employee relations and addresses concerns timely and appropriately in partnership with Human Resources. Ensure compliance and adherence to loss prevention and compliance policies and procedures, standards and practices, and company directives. Model behavior that respects the background, experience, and cultural differences of others, while upholding the integrity and values of the VF Corporation and the brand. Promote an environment that encourages participation, creativity, and learning by sharing best practices and building on the ideas of others within and across districts. Required Skills for Success 8 years of Related Professional Experience, inclusive of multi-store experience and/or training. Proven ability to meet and exceed sales and profit results. Proven ability to plan and work independently while balancing shifting priorities. Ability to interact with the public in an often crowded and noisy interactive store environment. Excellent verbal and written skills and the ability to influence business partners at all levels. Excellent decision-making ability in a fast-paced environment. Able to meet performance expectations with limited supervision. Proficient computer skills including word processing, spreadsheets, and software programs. Proven ability to build and leverage relationships with peers, corporate partners, and the business community to positively impact business decisions. Ability to work a flexible schedule to meet the needs of the business; will require weekends, evenings, and holidays. Frequent travel (approximately 50% or more) often with little advance notice as required (including air and overnight travel). 80% of time or more spent in assigned market and in stores. Preferred A formal education and subsequent undergraduate/graduate degrees are nice to have, but we are most interested in your total experience and professional achievements. Free to Be, Inclusion & Diversity As a purpose-led, performance driven company, we strive to foster a culture of belonging based on respect, connection, openness, and authenticity. We are committed to building and maintaining a workplace that celebrates the diversity of our associates, allowing them to bring their authentic selves to work every day. What’s In It For You We’re in the business of unleashing human potential, driven by the ideas, energy, and commitment of our people. That’s why we offer comprehensive benefits that encourage mental, physical, and financial well-being for all VF associates. When it comes to benefits, we’re the total package. Go to MyVFBenefits.com and click on “Looking to Join VF?” to learn more. NEVER STOP EXPLORING™ Our Parent Company, VF Corporation VF is one of the world’s largest apparel, footwear and accessories companies connecting people to the lifestyles, activities, and experiences they cherish through our family of iconic outdoor, active and workwear brands. At the heart of our journey lies our company-wide purpose: We power movements of sustainable and active lifestyles for the betterment of people and our planet. This is our purpose. It’s the reason we come to work every day. It’s a commitment shared by our global associates across all brands. Our purpose unites us and leads us to pursue our goals, together. This is our calling. Learn more at vfc.com. We just have one question. Are you in? Hiring Range: $104,000.00 USD - $130,000.00 USD annually Incentive Potential: This position is eligible for additional compensation awards that may include an annual incentive plan, sales incentive, or commission potential. Specific details of the additional compensation eligibility for this position will be provided during the recruiting and interview process. Benefits at VF Corporation: You can review a general overview of each benefit program offered, including this year's medical plan rates on www.MyVFbenefits.com and by clicking Looking to Join VF? Detailed information on your benefits will be provided during the hiring process. Please note, our hiring ranges are determined and built from market pay data. In determining the specific compensation for this position, we comply with all local, state, and federal laws. At VF, we value a diverse, inclusive workforce and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at peopleservices@vfc.com. VF will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law. Pursuant to all applicable local Fair Chance Ordinance requirements, including but not limited to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, VF will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.