Title: Office Manager
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Veev is leading the way in the transformation of the construction industry with an innovative approach to modular home construction. Veev’s prefabricated closed panel systems allow homes to be assembled efficiently on site while delivering both a more sustainable and higher quality final product than traditional construction. As a new subsidiary of Lennar, Veev is leveraging the strength and scale of its parent company while maintaining the speed and disruptive approach from its roots as a Silicon Valley based startup. Veev has developed a vertically integrated approach that involves multi-disciplinary collaboration across real estate, design, development, engineering, manufacturing, and construction. The RoleThe Office Manager is the first point of contact for visitors and guests. The position will support the administration and day to day operations of the office and ensure the look, feel and functionality is consistent with Veev culture, as well as assist employees with any office related requests or issues. This role is also responsible for calendar management, assisting executives as required, and supporting company initiatives and assisting with internal communication efforts. Our ideal candidate will be excited to take on a role where they can learn and grow with the company. ResponsibilitiesGreet and receive guests and ensure they are connected with the internal sponsor.Support executive meetings and calendar management.Ensure office and conference room supplies are replenished and rooms are functional.Coordinating facilities service vendor schedules.Track inventory of department consumables, order and replenish as needed.Participate and support projects as needed by the department.Represent facilities in planning and coordinating company wide events.Support the facilities department with procurement of services, supplies and implementation of service contracts. QualificationsHigh school diploma or GED, bachelor's degree preferred.Exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail.Flexibility and the ability to prioritize new tasks as they come in.Strong interpersonal communication.Proficient in word processing, spreadsheets and calendaring programs.Technology start-up experience in a growth environment is highly desired.Strong written and verbal communication skills. Benefits HighlightsPaid vacations, sick, and holidaysLife insurancePre-tax flexible spending accountsHealth benefits, dental and vision insurance We are committed to bringing together individuals from diverse backgrounds and perspectives. We strive to create an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and be their authentic self, feel a sense of community, and do great work together. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer open to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, ethnicity, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or expression, Veteran status, or any other legally protected status.