Title: ADMIN COORDINATOR
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Skills Required: PI239742594
Description: Job Description: Statewide Administrative Coordinator (Administrative Coordinator 4; Civil Service Job Classification AS-611) The Southeast Area Health Education Center is seeking a full-time, statewide Administrative Coordinator for the Strategy, Policy, Alignment, Communications, and Equity (SPACE) Team within the Louisiana Department of Health (LDH)-Office of Public Health (OPH)- Bureau of Family Health (BFH). The SPACE Team provides support for Bureau-wide operations, strategy, and communications, as well as tailored support to individual programs housed within BFH. Location: Baton Rouge or New Orleans, LA Starting Salary: $31,221- $43,701; salary commensurate with experience Minimum Qualifications: At least 3 years of experience for which clerical work was a major duty (degree/certification from an accredited institution may substitute for experience) and knowledge of web-based systems. Preferred skills in excellent written and verbal communication, innovative and creative thinking, ability to manage multiple, high-priority tasks, proficiency in Microsoft Office and Adobe Acrobat Pro. Experience with project management and utilization of a project management platform, like Monday.com, is a plus. Duties and Responsibilities General: Serve as statewide Administrative Coordinator for the SPACE Team within the Bureau of Family Health. Duties require independent judgement and a thorough working knowledge of Bureau policies, procedures, and structure. This position is supervised by the SPACE Team Lead. Direct Assistance for SPACE Team Lead: Serves as assistant to the SPACE Team Lead, which includes keeping appointment schedule, preparing travel, issuing directives to others on their behalf, and other administrative support as needed. Office Management: Responsible for general office management and day-to-day operations. Serves as a liaison and/or contact person for the department or office between and amongst other departments, customers, vendors, and agencies. Supports responses for requests from groups outside of the Bureau (such as legislative editors, funding agencies, etc.) Serve as the primary contact from the SPACE Team to the Business Unit for certain tasks and a conduit of information (retain, receive, disseminate) to share with SPACE Team staff. Manage group email accounts and listservs. Communicate with other team members and programs to keep staff informed of administrative decisions and matters of policy. Distribute reminders to ensure receipt of required submissions and check for accuracy of submissions. Collect and process daily mail and distribute team correspondence and memos as needed. Project Support: Assist with arrangement of trainings, conferences, meetings, conference calls, with minimum supervision. Transcribe detailed minutes during meetings. Assist in notification, reservation and preparation of conferences, meetings, and interviews to include the development of agendas, managing correspondence, organizing appointments/meetings/telephone calls/video conferences, and preparing meeting materials. Assist with the hiring process including reference checks, coordinating interviews, and verifying experience. Prepare documents for SPACE Team Lead, Managers and Staff’s signatures as needed. Maintain files and central records, printing and duplication services. Format documents such as new policies and distribute information to staff via email and posting information to LMS (Learning Management System). Obtain and deactivate email addresses upon personnel changes. Assist with onboarding, orientation and off-boarding of SPACE Team staff. Compile information from various sources and support preparation of specialized reports; ensure reports are formatted according to department standards. Assist in monitoring budgets and advise supervisor of budget status. Analyze and prepare detailed reports on any phase of organizational activity, including recommendations for revising procedures to improve operations. Track projects and tasks in progress, including Continuous Quality Improvement, data, reports, etc to ensure timely completion of projects. Assist with remote work logistics and paperwork as well as tracking Emergency Response-related work. Purchasing: Prepare requisitions for the purchase of supplies for SPACE staff (office supplies, software, equipment, etc.) by completing forms and submitting to appropriate business unit staff and/or platforms for processing. Verify receipt and submission of receiving requests for payment of received supplies. Manage supply order requests. Manage purchases and inventory. Monitor and track supply budgets. Verify purchases to ensure allowable purchases. Data Management: Upload documents to SharePoint as requested. Assist with survey distribution and management. Create and implement processes systems to track and monitor information and work across the SPACE team. Inventory Management: Coordinate inventory and supplies for the SPACE Team. Promptly and accurately complete property/inventory forms for tagging, transferring, surplus, etc. of all movable property following guidelines. Complete annual physical inventory for location of property and annual inventory report for supplies. Other: Accept and performs additional duties not listed in job description to ensure smooth team operation. Attend scheduled workshops and/or training meetings that are designed to maintain proficiency or increase knowledge. Participate in ad hoc work groups. Serve as safety liaison ensuring timely dissemination of material and trainings. Submits reports as required. Other duties as assigned. Monday- Friday: 8:00am-4:30pm 8