Title: Data Use Associate
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Job Description The Corporate and Investment Bank (CIB) Data Use Team is a center of excellence in the CIB for the usage and governance on how data is used and shared in the organization and plays a critical role to meet our policies and standards. The team works closely with firm wide in order to define standards which drive consistent data management practices and works with multiple LOBs cross-CIB in order to develop technologies and processes to support data management processes and embed data usage best practices and capabilities. The team is looking for a candidate to provide strong support for CIB Data Use case management for a growing demand of data to support the organizations advancement for AI/ML and data centered initiatives. Additionally, the person will be responsible for multiple data use transformation initiatives and programs across the CIB and in partnership with firm-wide groups, AI/ML groups and LOBs, including implementation of new strategic developments aligned to our maturing capability and in response to new and ongoing policy and standard requirements. Job Responsibilities Own case management duties and operate the governance process across all sub-LOBs and all locations globally for the identification, capture, classification, decisioning and monitoring of data use cases within the CIB.Support the strategic vision of enabling data use while protecting data as an asset to the firm, and help to promote this culture with the business.Facilitate the management of the CIB Data Use Council (‘DUC’) and Wholesale Data Use Council (WHDUC) including meeting calendar, material and actions.Create and manage project plans, tasks lists and presentations and coordinate cross-functional teams requirements.Ensure engagement with Legal, Compliance, Privacy, Cyber and Tech Controls to establish appropriate guardrails for data use.Continue to build out the existing inventory of how data is used across the firm and by third parties to promote calibrated and well thought-out decision making.Implement standards and protocols for data use within the CIB; embed a risk based framework for decentralized identification and escalation of cases.Provide partner relationship management, including managing interactions and agendas with senior partner executives, defining and prioritizing key issues, gathering information, accessing partner resources, recommending and implementing actionable solutions.Refine existing processes for data use identification, review and decisioning for efficiency gains. Required Qualifications, Capabilities, And Skills 4+ years of experience in or related to financial services and financial technology with demonstrated appreciation and aptitude for leading disciplined, complex projects within a business-to-business environment with sophisticated parties.Knowledge and understanding of a broad set of CIB products and processes.Demonstrated ability to interact and work effectively with senior management and other stakeholders to support the goals of the business.Experience navigating and mobilizing resources across a large organization.Effective influencing and persuasion skills with groups not directly working for you; ability to build consensus.Strong verbal, written, presentation and communication skills.Excellent PowerPoint and Excel skillsDesire to create structure for data and drive results and utilization of this structure in order to improve the JPM framework/environment.Attention to detail and ability to work independently.Strong data analysis, data management and problem solving skills. Business analysis and reporting skills are a plus.Strong interpersonal and relationship building skills.Ability to thrive in a changing work environment.Ability to execute tasks under aggressive targets and effectively manage changes in planningDemonstrated interest in emerging technology and “Big Data” in the financial services industry. ABOUT US JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role, experience, skill set, and location. For those in eligible roles, we offer discretionary incentive compensation which may be awarded in recognition of firm performance and individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs, based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage, on-site health and wellness centers, a retirement savings plan, backup childcare, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. We also make reasonable accommodations for applicants’ and employees’ religious practices and beliefs, as well as mental health or physical disability needs. Visit our FAQs for more information about requesting an accommodation. JPMorgan Chase is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including Disability/Veterans About The Team The Corporate & Investment Bank is a global leader across investment banking, wholesale payments, markets and securities services. The world’s most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. We provide strategic advice, raise capital, manage risk and extend liquidity in markets around the world.