Title: Network Engineer II
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Skills Required: PIb2214e144d44-29463-33032821
Description: Under general direction, the Network Engineer administers day to day operations and maintenance for providing stable and functional information technology support services to Goshen Health. Responsible to carry out configuration, installation, documentation, upgrades, maintenance and support of all devices used in the enablement of data communications, and to ensure adherence to industry and Health System standards and established Best Practices, in support of the Network Support Team strategy. **Onsite position Position Qualifications Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in a related field (e.g. Information Systems, Information Services, Information Technology, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Technology Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Network Engineering, Network Technology, etc.) – 5 years of related experience may be substituted for some or all education. Preferred Education: Master of Business Administration Minimum Experience: Five years of experience in Information Technology; with at least two years of experience in a directly related position. Preferred Experience: Ten years in Information Technology with at least three years in a directly related position. Certifications Required: Though the certification itself is not required, the level of knowledge and skill, is required. Certifications Preferred: Microsoft, Linux and network design certifications (e.g. Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) - Known as Professional Level Cisco Certification AND Project Management Institute (PMI). Six Sigma OR Lean OR Other Productivity Improvement Methodologies. Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) OR Control Objectives for Information and related Technologies (COBIT) OR other Information Lifecycle Management Methodologies, etc.). Minimum Knowledge & Skills: Must have experience in Wide Area Network (WAN), Local Area Network (LAN), and telecommunications technologies. Detailed knowledge in network engineering, server administration, communication/network protocols, technologies and industry standards. Must have managed in a significant LAN/WAN environment. Detailed knowledge of communications protocols, technologies and industry standards. Demonstrated analytical skills for complex network/system problem resolution. Demonstrated project management experience (PMI certification strongly desired). Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skill, to interact with customers, leadership, Colleagues and vendors. Demonstrated presentation skills, in presenting information to Colleagues and management. Demonstrated ability to interact with many people of differing professional levels; to be involved in multiple projects simultaneously; and to succeed in an environment of competing priorities. Strong commitment to customer service and quality improvement.