Title: PennDOT CDL Operator (Transportation Equipment Operator A)
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: THE POSITION As a leading organization in the maintenance of Pennsylvania's highways, the Department of Transportation, Sullivan County Maintenance Organization, is seeking to fill vacancies for full-time CDL Equipment Operators to support the maintenance of the county highway and bridge systems. Join the Sullivan county team with this exciting career opportunity! DESCRIPTION OF WORK As an Equipment Operator for PennDOT, you will plow snow and work on construction sites, which are both vital to the safety of the public traveling Pennsylvania roads. You will also perform manual labor, minor repairs to equipment, and preventative maintenance for the trucks and equipment. Working hard and serving Pennsylvania each day is a rewarding job. You will go home each day feeling fulfilled and productive! Work Schedule and Additional Information: Full-time employment. Work hours are 7:00 am to 3:00 pm, Monday - Friday, with 30-minute lunch. Travel, overtime and shift work required. Work hours subject to change based on seasonal requirements and operational needs. Salary:In some cases, the starting salary may be non-negotiable. You will receive further communication regarding this position via email. Check your email, including spam/junk folders, for these notices. Required Experience, Training & Eligibility QUALIFICATIONS Minimum Experience and Training Requirements: Successful completion of the Transportation Equipment Operator Trainee Program; Or Graduation from a Commercial Driver’s License Training School; Or An equivalent combination of experience and training. Special Requirements: Must possess a valid Pennsylvania Class A or Class B Commercial Driver's License with the Air Brake Restriction (L) removed. Must possess a valid Medical Examiner's Certificate in accordance with the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations. Conditions of Employment: All employees must obtain an active certification issued by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation in the operation of heavy trucks and loaders, and two additional pieces of construction equipment, within the probationary period. Employees may be required to obtain and maintain CDL endorsements and certifications necessary to operate specific pieces of equipment. Position requires operation of vehicles or equipment with a manual transmission. This position is subject to Drug and Alcohol testing in accordance with Federal Regulations. Additional Requirement: You must be able to perform essential job functions. How to Apply: Resumes, cover letters, and similar documents will not be reviewed, and the information contained therein will not be considered for the purposes of determining your eligibility for the position. Information to support your eligibility for the position must be provided on the application (i.e., relevant, detailed experience/education). If you are claiming education in your answers to the supplemental application questions, you must attach a copy of your college transcripts for your claim to be accepted toward meeting the minimum requirements. Unofficial transcripts are acceptable. Your application must be submitted by the posting closing date . Late applications and other required materials will not be accepted. Failure to comply with the above application requirements may eliminate you from consideration for this position. Veterans: Pennsylvania law (51 Pa. C.S.7103) provides employment preference for qualified veterans for appointment to many state and local government jobs. To learn more about employment preferences for veterans, go to www.employment.pa.gov/Additional%20Info/Pages/default.aspx and click the Veterans’ Preference tab or contact us at ra-cs-vetpreference@pa.gov . Telecommunications Relay Service (TRS): 711 (hearing and speech disabilities or other individuals). If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodations due to a disability, please discuss your request for accommodations with the interviewer in advance of your interview date. The Commonwealth is an equal employment opportunity employer and is committed to a diverse workforce. The Commonwealth values inclusion as we seek to recruit, develop, and retain the most qualified people to serve the citizens of Pennsylvania. The Commonwealth does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religious creed, ancestry, union membership, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, AIDS or HIV status, disability, or any other categories protected by applicable federal or state law. All diverse candidates are encouraged to apply.