Title: Automotive Center Manager
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: We call our club's vision, mission, values, and supporting pillars "Our House" because they are the foundation for all that we do. We're working to transform AAA for the next century with a mission to create Members for life by unleashing the innovative spirit of our Team Members. Why Work For Us? Great Pay - opportunity to participate in AAA discretionary annual incentive plan or other incentive plans depending upon position401k Matching $1 for $1 company match up to 6% of eligible earnings per pay periodBenefits Medical, Dental, Vision, wellness program and more!Paid HolidaysPaid Time Off Team Members accrue paid time off monthly with an additional 24 hours per year earmarked for volunteer activitiesCollaborative Environment AAA will value your contribution to providing exceptional service to our membersFree AAA Classic MembershipAAA Product DiscountsTuition Reimbursement Program This role is responsible for the execution of Club-Owned Repair strategy. Representing the brand to the marketplace, reinforcing the trust and integrity it represents. This includes delivering amazing Member Experience every time by recruiting and developing talent in all roles of the store(s). Exceeding revenue targets by generating customer referrals and forming strategic partnerships with Branch Operations and tow providers. Coaching and training to ensure quality of service and effectiveness of repair work. Disciplined business management of P&L with full oversight of income and expense. Ensuring safety and compliance in all aspects of the business of auto repair as set forth by leadership, local and State governance. Essential Duties Develops strategic and tactical plans for business expansion opportunities. This includes preparing annual budgets and business plans, additional financial, market and business analysis as needed. Responsible for executing behavioral tactics to achieve established goals. Works closely with Emergency Road Service and AAA Managers to ensure effective support of repair operations. In partnership with leadership, develop marketing campaigns, promotional copy and tracks success. Collaboratively supports others lines of business to develop and coordinate opportunities to maximize CORs exposure and supports cross-sell product opportunities. Plans, recruits and selects the talent required to grow the business. Provides active, engaged leadership through behavioral coaching and mentoring. Conducts performance evaluation and performance management activities for employees. Champion of Team Member engagement ensuring all Team Members understand how their work is connected and important to corporate strategy. Understands and manages to a profit and loss statement. Manages activities to drive results. Reviews metrics to determine efficiencies and recommend products, solutions and best practices. Responsible for large vendor relationships and commercial business offers. Knowledge And Skills Highly developed leadership skills, quantitative and analytical skills with a proven ability to make data-driven decisions Ability to communicate effectively - verbal and written. Strong change management skills and the ability to operate in an environment of ambiguity. Ability to work cross-functionally across many business units and functions. Financial management experience, proficient math skills and adept at statistical analysis. Ability to write and execute business and financial plans. Working knowledge of Microsoft Office products. Automotive/mechanical background (preferred). Ability to drive vehicles equipped with manual transmission (preferred). Knowledge of equipment/tool operation and diagnostic/repair procedures (preferred). Education And Experience 5+ years Industry experience in providing repair, maintenance, and/or emergency road services for passenger and/or commercial vehicles (preferred). 5+ years management or leadership experience (Does not have to be in addition to 5+ years industry experience, above). Bachelor's degree in related area or an equivalent combination of education and experience (preferred). ASE Certification (preferred). #MCC_RX