Title: Wheel Assembly Paint Operator
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: Date Posted: 2024-04-16 Country: United States of America Location: HOH12: Wheels & Brakes - Troy 101 Waco Street, Troy, OH, 45373 USA Position Role Type: Onsite Collins Aerospace is seeking an experienced Wheel Paint Assembly Operator. You will be responsible for operating machinery to apply all paint to wheel/brake assemblies. Onsite: This position will work onsite at our Troy, OH Landing Systems Headquarters. This includes all production and maintenance employees, as they are essential to the development of our products. 2nd Shift Monday - Friday 3:00 PM to 11:00 PM Primary Responsibilities: Receive job assignment from supervisor or job assignment book. Read and understand operating procedures, routings, blueprints, engineering change notices (ECNs), quality assurance, manufacturing and engineering specifications and other applicable information required to perform operations within the department. Operation of all Tocco's and balancer's including set-up of equipment, cup press, balancer, stamping and washer operation. Requires ability to hang wheels onto automated paint system, prep for prime and prep for topcoat operation, demask and unload wheels including determining proper tooling and masking needed, operation of automated lift/tilt tables, operation of the HMI screen for part number, shop order number, recipe entry, NADCAP data collection and general functionality of the robot paint system. Operate prime/topcoat robots along with 3k/2k delivery system including maintaining robotic paint systems, including troubleshooting and operator PM requirements mainly related to fluid delivery system such as, but not limited to, replacing/cleaning fluid regulators, guns, lines, valves, pumps, and mix manifold assembly on gun arm. Requires ability to determine paint acceptability per quality requirements. Requires ability to complete a wheel halve through assembly bench include performing appropriate procedure for installation of all hardware: including proper torque, lube of bearings and cups, stamping, removing of all masking, touch-up paint, all in-process inspections and completeness of all transactions for traceability (i.e. run-out, Solumina, SPC and any other traceability that is required when performing assembly work.) Make tags as required, prep for inspection, hang bag kits, and perform riveter operation and any other operations needed to complete and ship a wheel assembly, spare, or component, including but not limited to packaging, counting, weighing, labeling, and completing appropriate paperwork to ship wheel to customer as required. Ability to manual prime and paint including get paint, mix paint to specified viscosity Zahn and proper ratio, clean, assemble/disassemble, maintain and adjust manual spray guns and pots, along with filling out required NADCAP data forms and label documentation. All employees will participate in keeping and maintaining a clean and safe work environment and stop your immediate work when a quality concern or identification of a quality defect is determined. Retrieve items from tool crib and complete forms/transactions as required. Basic Qualifications: HS Diploma or AA/AS degree (or other 2-year post high school training). Must be a U.S. Person/Permanent Resident “Green Card” holder. 1+ years’ experience CNC experienceCapable of performing mathematical calculations requiring addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, averaging, and conversion (fraction to decimal, ft/min to ft/sec, etc.). Near vision in one or both eyes corrected to 20/25 or better, checked once every two years. Color vision test. Preferred Qualifications: Experience in an aerospace manufacturing environment. Assembly, production, or paint experienceOral and written comprehension and understanding of technical documents including but not limited to test requests, blueprints, Engineering process specifications and written work instructions. Physical requirements: Wearing of all personal protective equipment as required. In addition to the items subsumed in the job duties above, it should be noted that this position requires substantial reaching and moving while standing; lifting, up to 50 lbs.; twisting; stooping; and response to sounds associated to the work environment. The list of essential functions is not exhaustive and may be supplemented as necessary. EHS Requirements: Adherence to all EH&S roles and responsibilities as stated in manufacturing work instructions and EHS policies and procedures is required. Collins Aerospace, an RTX company, is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions. For the global aerospace and defense industry. Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio, and expertise to solve customers’ toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market. Our Advanced Structures team leverages advanced materials and additive manufacturing to develop complex interior and exterior solutions. These solutions ensure structural integrity of the aircraft, help aircraft take off and land, stay trim in the air, move forward, carry cargo, and conduct rescues. We delight our customers with superior products and best-in-class service. Our global team is committed to continuous improvement – we work hard to make our solutions lighter-weight, stronger and more technically advanced, so that plane travel can be safer, more affordable, and more sustainable in the years to come. We are looking for the best and brightest to fly and land with us! Diversity drives innovation, inclusion drives success. We believe a multitude of approaches and ideas enable us to deliver the best results for our workforce, workplace, and customers. We are committed to fostering a culture where all employees can share their passions and ideas so we can tackle the toughest challenges in our industry and pave new paths to limitless possibility. WE ARE REDEFINING AEROSPACE. At Collins, the paths we pave together lead to limitless possibility. And the bonds we form – with our customers and with each other -- propel us all higher, again and again. Apply now and be part of the team that’s redefining aerospace, every day. Collins Aerospace Landing Systems Video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qcXPa0ZCeE Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance. This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply. RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window. RTX is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms 01690636