Title: ECM Clinical Manager
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Skills Required: PIdcf73273e085-29463-34064500
Description: Join the vibrant and invigorating journey at Vynca, where our pace is exhilarating and our spirit entrepreneurial! At the heart of Vynca lies a deep-seated passion about transforming care for individuals living with complex social and clinical needs. We’re not just a team; we're a close-knit community united in our dedication to caring for each other and those we serve. Together, we forge paths of success, guided by our unwavering core values: Excellence, Compassion, Curiosity, and Integrity. About the job The ECM Clinical Manager is responsible for Clinical Oversight and Management of ECM Lead Care Managers to address the client's medical and behavioral health needs and social determinants of health. The ECM Clinical Manager will communicate directly with ECM Lead Care Managers and occasionally with patients via telephone, telehealth, or during Interdisciplinary Care Team meetings (as needed) to discuss medication management/adherence, ensure appropriate follow-up with Primary Care Provider, Behavioral Health Provider and other specialist(s). They will guide any crises encountered by ECM Lead Care Managers. The ECM Clinical Manager will collaborate with the client’s broader care team (PCP, BH clinicians, etc.) to provide client advocacy, ensure that the clients receive needed services, and measure progress toward the goals outlined in their patient-centered individualized care plan. The ECM Clinical Manager will monitor team progress and coach LCMs to succeed and manage performance where needed. What you’ll doRemote duties performed through HIPAA-compliant hardware and software:Supervise a team of approximately ten Lead Care Managers, ensuring adequate and high-quality care management services.Oversees the creation of Individual Care Plans to determine if the Client’s Care Management needs are sufficient to be managed by an ECM Lead Care Manager and serves as an escalation point as needed.Supports the achievement of KPIs assigned to the care management teamCollaborates with and supports the Director of Enhanced Care Management with implementation of change and process improvements Flexes to direct care management as needed to support organizational goals Your experience and qualificationsWilling and able to work Monday-Friday 8:30am-5:00pm in Pacific time zone, with the possibility of afternoons, evenings, and/or Saturday morningsRN, LCSW, or other licensed behavioral healthcare professional licensed in California, with the ability to obtain additional state licensure as neededProven, results-driven business leader with experience in rapid-growth organizationsTwo to three years of care management experienceMust possess strong organizational skillsAbility to work independentlyProficient with Microsoft and Google applicationsStrong communication skillsStrong motivational skills, including conflict/dispute resolution techniquesMust have access to a reliable internet connectionBenefits eligibilityGreat humans deserve great benefits! At Vynca, you’ll be eligible for medical, dental, and vision insurance, income protection benefits, flexible PTO, company holidays, a 401k, and access to other wellness benefits. Essential organizational duties:Works at all times within the policies and guidelines of the companyAbility to use video conferencing frequently and consistentlyEnsures effective use of resourcesPlays an active part in the development and maintenance of good relationships with all who have business with the CompanyRespects at all times the confidentiality of information covering patients, staff, and volunteers and is HIPAA compliantPromotes the company’s philosophy of compassionate communication towards all patients, relatives, visitors, and coworkersAdditional informationThis job description is not designed to cover or contain all the duties required of the employee. There may be additional activities, duties, and/or responsibilities required for this position that are not listed in this job description.Work location is flexible if approved by the company.In accordance with Vynca’s commitment to leadership and industry-leading care, we require that all employees be vaccinated against COVID and influenza. Documented and supported requests for religious and medical accommodation may be considered but may not be approved in all circumstances.In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.Vynca Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state or local law. Powered by JazzHR