Title: Developmental Computer Scientist
Experience Level: Entry level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: As a developmental Computer Scientist at NASIC, you’ll generally be assigned to one of our intelligence production teams. You’ll develop technical intelligence skills by applying your computing expertise to the intelligence production process. What does this mean? Each team has a classified mission focused on areas including aircraft, spacecraft, missile systems, and cyberspace, as well as specific electronic systems such as radars, navigation, communications/data links, jammers, electro-optical sensors, and directed energy weapons and how our adversaries use them. The results of your work directly impact our national security by advising senior military planners, impacting next generation weapons systems, and even informing the highest levels of our government. Your work can involve modeling and simulation (M&S), reverse engineering, and providing informed reporting either as an individual or part of a team. Along the way, you’ll have opportunities for advanced education and training, all while earning a full salary and enjoying a quality work/life balance. This listing will be used to assess candidates for multiple vacancies during the spring cycle. The organizational location of this position: National Air and Space Intelligence Center (NASIC), United States Space Force, Operating Location: WPAFB, OH ** Applications will be accepted via HireVue ONLY**Transcripts and Resume must be attached to HireVue your application. Access HireVue here: https://nasic.hirevue.com/signup/mc8SkmWpmjQK7PBvQCXuHi/ Resume Requirements (PLEASE READ):The following information must be included on your resume. If not included, your resume will not be considered.· Resume must be attached and saved as a Word Document or PDF titled with your First Name/Last Name.· When including a part-time position on a resume, you must list the hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., month/year to month/year or month/year to present).· Resumes must include unique experiences for each position held and should not merge all experiences into a single section.· Current Federal civilian employees must list the pay plan, series, and grade (i.e. GG-0132-12) for all Federal civilian positions held.· Do NOT include photographs (or links to social media such as LinkedIn), inappropriate material, inappropriate content, nor personal information such as age, gender, religion, social security number, etc., on the resume. Open and closing dates: APRIL to JULY 2024 Series/Grade: GG-1550-07 target GG-12 (Developmental position) Salary: $79,735 per year to $114,649 Relocation expenses reimbursed: No You must be a US citizen to be eligible for a position at NASIC, and you must be able/willing to obtain/maintain a Top Secret security clearance. A non-disclosure agreement must be signed upon hire. Responsibilities Applies computer science knowledge to develop software applications and tools involving multidisciplinary engineering to satisfy the needs of customers. Serves as a software developer employing a variety of computer programming languages to create intelligence analysis applications and tools supporting Intelligence Community (IC) analysis as well as production requirements levied upon NASIC by acquisition, test, training, and operational customers. Employs good computer science practices such as revision control, configuration management, coding standards, and agile development. Applies knowledge of computer science and engineering theories, principles, concepts, standards, and methods to develop intelligence analysis applications, threat models and analytic tools to promote discovery, highlight intelligence gaps, perform predictive analysis, capture characteristics, and represent the dynamic performance of present and future threat systems across the spectrum of NASIC’s mission. Provides intelligence support to enable military operations, force modernization, and policy making. Interacts with DoD customers, other US Intelligence Centers, and foreign allies to develop and define intelligence analysis applications and M&S requirements and to meet those requirements in an efficient and effective manner. Interacts with customers to expand knowledge and familiarity with the intelligence needs of critical components of DoD/USAF weapon systems and support equipment. Collaborates with computer scientists and engineers to ensure software design, analysis, and application/model development meet customer needs. Interacts with internal and external customers for software technical issues on assigned projects. Supports the integration of applications, tools, databases, and dynamic models into client environments across DoD/USAF force planning, analysis, acquisition, training, test and evaluation, and operational communities. Represents NASIC at various DoD, national and international level working groups on intelligence application development. Accomplishes professional development and maintains technical proficiency, Engages with counterparts at other installations and Services regarding software development. Performs other related duties as assigned. Qualifications:1. Bachelor's degree in computer science or bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science (meeting OPM qualifications for Series 1550)2. Professional knowledge of concepts, principles, theories, and practices involved in computer science, and related mathematics and scientific principles to perform studies, modify standard practices, and/or resolve issues related to the analysis and predictive assessment of the characteristics and performance of foreign systems capable of deceiving, disrupting, degrading, denying, or destroying U.S. defense systems.3. Knowledge of security procedures to maintain control of classified material.4. Skill in applying analytical and evaluative techniques, intelligence analysis, and production tradecraft to identify, investigate, and resolve complex issues or problems.5. Ability to foresee the impact of changing technology.6. Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing, in order to produce highly technical reports, position papers, and briefings which are appropriate for the intended audience; and to maintain good working relationships. Conditions of Employment:· U.S. Citizenship Required· All new DCIPS employees are required to complete a two-year DCIPS trial period.· Position is designated special-sensitive and incumbent must be able to obtain and retain a TOP SECRET (TS) security clearance with access to Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI). A non-disclosure agreement must be signed.· PCS expenses are not authorized IAW JTR and Air Force Regulations· Recruitment incentives may be authorized· This position is subject to provisions of the DoD Priority Placement Program· Must be registered for Selective Service, see Legal and Regulatory Guide· Drug Testing: This position has been designated by the Air Force as a Testing Designated Position (TDP) under the Air Force Civilian Testing Program. Employee must pass initial and periodic drug testing.· Shift work and emergency overtime may be required· Employee must maintain current certifications· Disclosure of Political Appointments· The employee may be required to travel in military and/or commercial aircraft to perform temporary duty assignments.· The work is primarily sedentary. Items carried typically include briefcases, notebooks, working papers, references, data print outs, and suitcases. A moderate amount of standing and walking is required in getting to and from meetings and· The workspace is adequately heated, lighted, and ventilated. There is occasional noise from office equipment, such as printers, fax machines, and telephones. The employee is required to perform in varying office and meeting environments.· The incumbent observes normal safety precautions when working in and travelling away from the work site. DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCEThis position is a Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel Systems (DCIPS) position. Work Category is Professional and Work Level is Entry/Developmental. For more information regarding DCIPS, including Veteran’s Preference, please visit https://dcips.defense.gov/. If claiming Veteran’s Preference, please include your DD214. If not provided, then Veteran’s Preference will not be considered. How you will be evaluated:You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Link to GS Qualifications for additional information: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=List-by-Occupational-Series Tax Law Impact PCS:https://www.gsa.gov/cdnstatic/FTR%20Bulletin%2018_05%20Relocation%20Allowances_0.pdfReasonable Accommodation Policy Federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process should follow the instructions in the job opportunity announcement. For any part of the remaining hiring process, applicants should contact the hiring agency directly. The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor. Federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate.