Title: Field Service Engineer 4
Work Type: Full-time
Description: In Your Career, Let’s Prove What’s Possible. At Lam Research, we create equipment that drives technological advancements in the semiconductor industry. Our innovative solutions enable chipmakers to power progress in nearly all aspects of modern life, and it takes each member of our team to make it possible. Across our organization, our employees come to work and change the world. We take on the toughest challenges with precision and accuracy. We push for the next big semiconductor breakthrough. We lead the way in one of the most critical and fast-moving industries on the planet. And we do it together, with deep connections and limitless collaboration. The impact we have on the world is made possible by focusing on our people. So we recognize and celebrate our teams’ achievements. We strive to create an inclusive and diverse culture where everyone’s contribution and voice has value. We evaluate and evolve our offerings, so our people receive the support and empowerment to do meaningful things for their lives, careers, and communities. Because at Lam, we believe that when people are the priority and they’re inspired to unleash the power of innovation for a better world together, anything is possible. Field Service Engineer 4 Date: Apr 18, 2024 Location: Chandler, AZ, US, 85226 Req ID: 182411 Worker Category: On-site The Group You’ll Be A Part Of The Customer Support Business Group focuses on enabling our customers with premier customer support throughout their lifecycle with Lam. We drive performance, productivity, safety, and quality of customers installed base performance and deliver service and lifecycle solutions for their most critical equipment and processes. The Impact You’ll Make As a Field Service Engineer at Lam, you will step into the limelight of customer support. Your work goes beyond installations and troubleshooting; it ensures the operational excellence of our complex semiconductor equipment. You're on the front lines, understanding customer needs and collaborating with various teams to deliver solutions. In this role, you will directly contribute to ___. What You’ll Do Provide quality on-site repair, maintenance service, and complete installation/relocation start-up services of Lam’s complex electro-mechanical and electronic systems at customer sites. Analyze, troubleshoot, conduct diagnostics, isolate issues, and solve problems across a broad range of Lam products to the component level to minimize downtime, system interruptions, and equipment malfunctions. Keep up to date on semiconductor capital equipment and Lam products through learning, training, and certification. Perform field modifications and updates, maintaining records and reports to coordinate activities between Lam and the customer. Serve as a subject matter expert, representing Lam to our valued customers, delivering exceptional customer satisfaction. Partner directly with customer at a management and engineer levels, run customer meetings, measure customer trust, and lead improvement programs. Transparently discuss opportunities and challenges with customer to increase trust. Provide technical instruction, leadership, and mentoring for more junior engineers. Coach and delegate to more junior employees to ensure project completion on time. Who We’re Looking For Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Electronics, Engineering, or related field and 8+ years of experience; or Master’s degree with 6+ years; or equivalent work experience. Previous experience in installation, maintenance, repair, or troubleshooting of semiconductor capital equipment. Proficiency in interpreting electrical and mechanical schematics, diagrams, and operation manuals. Able to work in a clean room environment while wearing personal protective safety equipment, or cleanroom suit. Frequently position oneself (e.g., bend, stoop, reach, walk, sit, twist, squat, kneel, climb, stand) to perform job tasks for extended periods. Able to travel frequently, domestically and internationally, based on customer needs, flexibility to work a variety shifts including compressed and alternative workweeks including overtime and on-call if needed. Preferred Qualifications Proficiency in basic computer skills and familiarity with common office software including Microsoft Office Suite. Communication skills, both written and verbal, in English. Solid analytical, problem solving, and decision-making skills. Our Commitment We believe it is important for every person to feel valued, included, and empowered to achieve their full potential. By bringing unique individuals and viewpoints together, we achieve extraordinary results. Lam Research ("Lam" or the "Company") is an equal opportunity employer. Lam is committed to and reaffirms support of equal opportunity in employment and non-discrimination in employment policies, practices and procedures on the basis of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, or military and veteran status or any other category protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. It is the Company's intention to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. Company policy prohibits unlawful discrimination against applicants or employees. Lam offers a variety of work location models based on the needs of each role. Our hybrid roles combine the benefits of on-site collaboration with colleagues and the flexibility to work remotely and fall into two categories – On-site Flex and Virtual Flex. ‘On-site Flex’ you’ll work 3+ days per week on-site at a Lam or customer/supplier location, with the opportunity to work remotely for the balance of the week. ‘Virtual Flex’ you’ll work 1-2 days per week on-site at a Lam or customer/supplier location, and remotely the rest of the time. Our Perks And Benefits At Lam, our people make amazing things possible. That’s why we invest in you throughout the phases of your life with a comprehensive set of outstanding benefits. Discover more at www.lambenefits.com Nearest Major Market: Phoenix Job Segment: Field Engineer, Electronics Engineer, Electrical, Engineer, Engineering, Research