Title: Digital Marketing Strategist
Experience Level: Mid-Senior level
Work Type: Full-time
Description: SummaryAre you a versatile and forward-thinking digital marketing strategist seeking experience in a variety of subjects and strategies? Do you want to make a significant impact on the healthcare marketing industry? We are seeking a talented Digital Marketing Strategist to join our team and support the success of our digital marketing strategy in the ever-evolving digital landscape. You will have the opportunity to work across multiple digital marketing disciplines, including local search engine optimization, digital advertising, and analysis. You will be responsible for analyzing complex problems, supporting effective strategies, and communicating with internal and client stakeholders. As a Digital Marketing Strategist, you will leverage data-driven insights to recommend strategic initiatives that will help our healthcare clients achieve their web goals. You will then implement these recommendations and measure the results, ensuring that our clients stay ahead of the competition. Essential Duties and ResponsibilitiesWhile you might get to work on just about everything at Geonetric, you’ll primarily:Partner with strategists and clients on digital marketing strategy, web performance, and online goals to recommend new approachesDevelop unique web strategies and digital marketing solutions, measure success, and align outcomes to clients’ organizational goalsUse data analysis, tracking, and research, including Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, VitalSite, paid advertising platforms, social media channels, and other tools to assess the impact of digital marketing initiatives on online goalsMeasure web data against previous performance, gain valuable insight about overall web performance, and deliver findings, recommendations, and solutions to clients in order to move digital efforts forwardCreate, execute and support digital marketing initiatives, including local search engine optimization, business listings management, paid search and social campaigns, and collaborate cross-team on user experience assessments and research that reinforce clients’ brand and organizational goalsCollaborate cross-team on client projects, understand clients’ digital marketing efforts; create, and implement integrated marketing campaigns, and align data reporting with overall client strategyServe as a subject matter expert by staying current on industry trends and mentoring team members Education and Experience Bachelor's degree in marketing, communications, English or related filed required or three to five (3-5) years of previous experience requiredConcentrated experience required in one of the following areas: search engine optimization, digital advertising, business listings management, data analysis and tracking management, information architecture, usability testing Professional SkillsProficiency in SEO best practices requiredProficiency in digital advertising requiredProficiency in Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, and Google AdWords requiredExceptional written and oral communication skills requiredStrategic marketing experience requiredLocal digital marketing experience beneficial Other Skills and AbilitiesIn addition to being an amazing Digital Marketing Specialist, you'll need to fit into our unique culture and be: Self-organized. There are no managers at Geonetric. You’ll be a part of a self-organizing team, with no one “supervising” you. You should naturally get a lot of high-quality work done to completion without outside pressure.A doer. You need to be capable of identifying and resolving obstacles, using strong reasoning skills and creative thinking to get things done. You need to have a strong attention to detail, a drive for quality, and a willingness to see things through to completion.Flexible. You need to be able to work in an environment in which there is substantial ambiguity; things change rapidly and often, and you need to adapt to new ways of thinking.Self-aware. You need to be able to see yourself and your own behaviors from the perspective of others – and understand how your behaviors affect those of your peers on your self-organizing team.Driven to improve. You need to have a strong desire to be better tomorrow than you are today. You are constantly seeking ways to improve your own work. You’re passionate about your discipline.A solid communicator. You need to be able to take input from many sources, think through that information, and present concise, clear recommendations to technical and non-technical people. TravelOccasionally requires overnight travel to client meetings "Geonetric welcomes diversity. It makes us an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and a fun place to work full of people with different backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status."