About the job
At Ripple, we’re building a world where value moves like information does today. It’s big, it’s bold, and we’re already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs. 

If you’re ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value. 
At Ripple, we’re building a world where value moves like information does today. It’s big, it’s bold, and we’re already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs.
If you’re ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.
 THE WORK
The XRP Ledger (XRPL) is a decentralized, public blockchain led by a global community of businesses and developers focused on solving problems and bringing value. Proven reliable over more than a decade of operation and closing over 100 million ledgers, the XRPL offers streamlined development, low transaction costs, high performance, and sustainability.
As a Software Engineer Intern in RippleX, you will help us maintain this high technical bar, while building innovative solutions to ensure the XRPL can power the growing needs of the global digital economy. With support from your team, access to learning and development resources, and opportunities for fun along the way, our program will give you the foundation to start your career.WHAT YOU'LL DO
Increase the capabilities, performance, scalability, and reliability of the XRPL.
Participate in the full software development lifecycle, including architecture, design, development, bug fixing, as well as functional and performance validations.
Engage with the open-source XRP ledger community, promoting quality in coding, testing, and deployment.
Actively participate in code reviews to maintain the quality of our codebase.
WHAT YOU'LL BRING
Currently enrolled in an Undergraduate, or Graduate or an equivalent degree, preferably in Software Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related field.
Available to work for 12 weeks during Summer 2026, beginning in May or June.
Intent to return to the degree-program after completing the internship.
Experience with hands-on software development using C++.
Strong interest or foundational experience in backend systems development, preferably distributed systems, concurrency and multithreading.
Passion for blockchain technology and its potential benefits.
Ability to learn new technologies and languages quickly.
Ability to solve highly complex problems with creative solutions
 
For positions that will be based in Toronto, the monthly range for this position is below. Actual rates may vary based on numerous factors including, among other things, an individual applicant’s experience and qualifications for the position. This range does not include equity or additional compensation, such as bonuses or commissions.
Toronto Monthly Rate Range: $7,000 CAD - $7,650 CAD 
WHO WE ARE:

Do Your Best Work
The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact. A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.
Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.
In-office collaboration for moments that matter is important to our culture, and we give managers and teams the flexibility to decide which 10+ days a month they come in. 
Bi-weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!
Take Control of Your Finances
Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity
Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support
Employee giving match
Mobile phone stipend
Take Care of Yourself
R&R days so you can rest and recharge
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite & virtual programming
Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.
Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacks/beverages, and plenty of fun events
Benefits listed above are for full-time employees. 