{:crawled true, :title Software Engineer | Maps & Geo, :description Summary The Wikimedia Foundation is forming a small team to evolve how our users create, modify, and use map and geospatial information. We believe location information is at the center of modern devices and we are eager to empower our users to contribute and consume location information. We’re especially excited about the work that the OpenStreetMap project has done and want to better integrate it with Wikipedia. You’ll join a small team with large mandate: light up the world map with location knowledge for users across all devices. Description Scale our existing OSM Database infrastructure to production loads Build out a production tile rendering service for our products Empower our teams to create geospatial tools Requirements Know how OSM works inside out and upside down Love building tools that use geospatial data Have a BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, or equivalent work experience Pluses Having volunteered for the OSM project Building tools that use Wikipedia data sets and Maps Having experience with monitoring and deployment tools Knowing what an octant, sextant, and quadrant are used for Show us your stuff! Please provide us with information you feel would be useful to us in gaining a better understanding of your technical background and accomplishments. Links to GitHub, your technical blogs, publications, personal projects, etc. are exceptionally useful. We especially appreciate pointers to your best contributions to open source projects. About The Wikimedia Foundation is a San Francisco-based nonprofit entity committed to building a world in which everyone can freely share in the sum of all human knowledge. Projects include Wikipedia, which contains more than 17 million volunteer-authored articles in more than 280 languages. As a collective, these projects represent the largest collection of shared knowledge in human history, built and edited by millions of people. The web properties are the most highly visited web properties running on free and open source software in history. Wikipedia alone is visited by more than 480 million people monthly, making it the 5th most popular site in the world. The Wikimedia Foundation sustains and supports the volunteer community by providing the technical, and managerial, infrastructure and tools needed to continue their contributions., :location San Francisco or Remote, :employer Wikimedia Foundation, :skills }
