{:crawled true, :title Senior Full Stack Developer (HTML5, CSS3, JS, Ruby), :description John McNeil Studio is a creative studio dedicated to making beautiful design, films, photos and interactive. We are a growing collection of strategists, writers, designers, filmmakers, technologists, musicians and photographers who help companies make the most of their communications. We work on everything from sophisticated web applications and stunning iPad apps to implementing responsive design across large corporate sites. We are a technology agnostic team that loves the open web. We're looking for a senior developer that can take a lead role solving complex problems on large and small projects – someone who loves to code, enjoys helping a team create great work, and can clearly communicate details with clients and others. It will be your job to work on a variety of projects, from implementing interactive front-ends to designing and building back-end solutions to leading a team of developers to create mobile apps and experiences. The ideal candidate will be well versed in the full web stack, and love good design. We're looking for someone with: 5+ years of development experience Experience designing and building back-end solutions using Ruby on Rails, PHP, or Node.js Practical understanding of HTML5 and CSS3 Experience building responsive websites from the ground up or with Bootstrap or Foundation Experience implementing designs in standards compliant HTML & CSS with thought given to accessibility and SEO. Experience with test driven development in JavaScript, RoR, or PHP Solid understanding of cross-browser/platform issues and solutions Experience using JS Frameworks/Libraries (jQuery, Bootstrap.js, Backbone.js, Underscore.js) Passion for good design and usability on the web Ability to lead and mentor other programmers, and contribute to improved process and workflow Nice to have: Familiarity with AngularJS, PhoneGap, Objective-C. Experience working with cross-functional teams (design, editorial, video + image) preferred To be considered: Candidates must be able to work on-site at our Berkeley studio. Applicants should submit a cover letter and resume Please link to your Github account or direct us to code that shows a thoughtful solution to a problem. Only principals, no recruiters or agencies please., :location Berkeley, CA, :employer John McNeil Studio, :skills html5, js, objective-c, ruby on rails, java, php, s3, ruby, angular, javascript, html, jquery, rds}
