{:crawled true, :title Enterprise Application Software Engineer - 35177764, :description Changing the world is all in a day's work at Apple. If you love innovation, here's your chance to make a career of it. You'll work hard. But the job comes with more than a few perks. Responsibilities include but not limited to the following; Develop detailed designs and deliver highly scalable and optimized systems. Write efficient, easy to maintain software that are of high quality Maintain and enhance existing applications in response to business needs. Collaborate closely with members of other teams throughout the software release cycle Assist in resolving application support issues. Key Qualifications: •Minimum of 6 years in Enterprise application design and development of systems using Java/J2EE technology, Single-SignOn, SQL, XML in Linux/Unix environment. •Strong Computer Science fundamentals, software design and programing skills. •Direct experience with design/development of highly available, distributed and scalable applications. •Demonstrable experience in Java, J2EE, XML/JSON, OOD, related development tools and technologies. •Experience in configuration, tuning, deployment of Application / Web servers such as JBoss, Apache, Tomcat etc,. •Experience in source code management tools like SVN /CVS. •Experience in relational, no-SQL Databases, other form of Persistence mechanisms and distributed cache. •Must have experience with relational database models •Demonstrate innovative and creative thinking capabilities and also have sharp troubleshooting skills. •Experience in developing multi threaded programs is required •Sound knowledge in operating systems concepts is required Description: The Identity Management Services team at Apple is in search of a motivated Software Engineer who is self-driven and has a proven track record in design and development of complex, highly available and scalable systems. The candidate should have a passion for software engineering, be innovative and possess strong analytical and communication skills. This is a hands-on individual contributor role and requires leading the design and development of software systems to support existing and new features. Additional duties include architecting and developing systems that are very efficient, secure, highly available, highly scalable, distributed, supportable with good diagnostic and monitoring capabilities. Education: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalient Additional Requirements: Experience in C/C++, PKI Service, SSL, application performance turning is a plus Hands-on experience in Oracle database performance turning, optimization is a plus Experience in Identity Management & Security is a big plus (authentication, authorization, provisioning, etc.). Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities., :location Cupertino, CA, :employer Apple Inc., :skills scala, js, xml, java, c++, software engineer, sql}
