{:crawled true, :title Frontend Specialist  , :description We're looking for a frontend developer who has a passion for developing software for the web. You will have the Javascript and HTML/CSS skills to have a significant positive impact on all aspects of the in-browser experience of our customers, and be comfortable working in an agile team that strives for simplicity, fast feedback, excellent communication and courage to make big changes safely. About the role You will work within a tech team of 20 people: developers, designers, infrastructure specialists and product owners. We pride ourselves in being a team of technical generalists, but we will expect you to be an expert on all frontend-related technologies: not only leading frontend development within our group, but also spreading your knowledge around to the other members of the team. Your work will be primarily in Javascript, HTML & CSS, but we’ll expect you to be familiar with the fundamentals of a full stack. We use Ruby (mostly with Rails) extensively, but we are a polyglot team: you’ll also find Python and Go in our tech stack. Proficiency with Sass/LESS and one or more preprocessing frameworks (eg. Compass) is crucial. You’ll be passionate about frontend performance and responsive design, and be comfortable taking your code all the way to deployment (including working on the build chain for frontend assets). Javascript experience that extends far beyond ‘can use a jQuery plugin’ is also essential: we want to work with someone who would be comfortable delving into the innards of JS module loaders and web application frameworks. Experience with Coffeescript and client-side MVC concepts is highly desirable. Our team takes TDD and automated testing seriously: if you are lacking experience in this area, you must have the enthusiasm to learn more about it. We also do a fair amount of pair programming, and we want to work with someone who is comfortable pairing. Although it’s not essential, we’re particularly interested in talking to people who have experience in online retail, especially if that experience was gained in an environment where data-driven design and split-testing were used extensively. About the candidate You will enjoy looking for problems and be pragmatic in finding solutions. We encourage all team members to take time during working hours for professional development, so successful candidates will be intellectually curious and able to drive their own self-development. You will be passionate about Agile and not afraid to tell us how we can continuously improve. You will work in a collaborative way with your colleagues using our core values of respect, courage, and freedom, to motivate each other to think big, experiment freely, and share ideas that enrich the whole team. You will care about standards and be comfortable conducting and receiving code reviews. You will not be afraid to ask questions and will take responsibility for ensuring that the finished product meets its requirements. About the company Palatinate Group Limited is a UK-based leisure and holiday specialist and is formed in part by Europe’s largest golf travel business (www.yourgolftravel.com) and the UK’s largest supplier of spa breaks (www.spabreaks.com). Your Golf Travel.com is one of the UK's fastest growing private companies, listed in the Sunday Times "Fast Track 100" four consecutive years (at number 6 in 2010). It also ranked as London's fastest-growing private company. Spabreaks.com launched in 2008 is already the UK's largest supplier of spa breaks and ranked 2nd in the 2012 Sunday Times "Fast Track 100"., :location London, UK, :employer Your Golf Travel, :skills agile, js, java, ruby, javascript, html, python, jquery, rds}
