{:crawled true, :title DevOps Engineer, :description We are looking for a DevOps Engineer (f/m, full-time) to start immediately in our office in Berlin-Kreuzberg, Germany. With millions of regular users and more than 7000 hours of premium content, Babbel.com is growing fast while shaping the future of learning. Our flexible cloud-based infrastructure is serving more than 20.000 requests per minute to users worldwide via different clients (Android, iOS, Web) while expanding on a global scale. As a DevOps Engineer you will be a part of our engineering team responsible for continuous integration, continuous deployment and management of our virtualized infrastructure based upon Amazon Web Services (AWS). Responsibilities: Design, deployment and maintenance of our AWS infrastructure using Chef/OpsWorks Support and implementation of our continuous integration and deployment infrastructure Direct involvement in the development process of all our backend and frontend applications Supporting developers and management during project and business decisions regarding new and ongoing projects Requirements: Broad knowledge and understanding of Linux: Virtually any and all of our web applications are running on Ubuntu Linux. It’s a vast and complicated architecture and you should be familiar with setups at the magnitude of 150+ instances. You’re a zealot when it comes to Amazon’s Web Services: Amazon is our exclusive provider of computing resources. You must be intrinsically familiar with their services, especially OpsWorks, EC2/EBS, RDS, S3, VPC and CloudWatch (Redshift/MapReduce/Route53/SQS are a plus) You eat Chef and Ruby for breakfast: We are a Ruby/Rails driven company and we also use Chef exclusively for instance management. We love them, and so should you! Attention to detail and an analytical working style: You’re not satisfied when something just doesn’t work. You want to get to the bottom of it. Period. English is a must: You’ll be working with people from all around the world. Interacting with and understanding each other is paramount. Open-minded, easy-going and respectful attitude towards all kinds of (unusual) requests: You are part of a broader team, with people coming from different countries, backgrounds, experience levels and preferences. We demand a high level of professionalism and focus while not neglecting and appreciating a culture of tolerance and understanding. You love open source as much as we do: Our company is built on it, we really enjoy working with it and so should you! Benefits: Tackle high volume, scaleable problems with a cloud-based setup and latest cutting-edge technologies The potential to change the way of learning for millions of users worldwide Responsibility from day one and professional and personal growth Potential within a fast growing team Participate in hackdays, open-source contributions, technology brown-bags A lively startup atmosphere with friendly working hours Long-term prospects A vibrant international team from over 20 different nationalities Excellent working conditions with a location in the heart of the Berlin scene Great company benefits (High-End company bike, fresh fruits & drinks, Hackathons etc.) Check out our jobs page (http://jobs.babbel.com/en/), our blog (http://blog.babbel.com/en/), and our techblog (http://bytes.babbel.com) to get an impression of how we work at Babbel!, :location Berlin, :employer Lesson Nine GmbH, :skills ec2, s3, ruby, rds}
