{:crawled true, :title Software Engineer, :description As a software engineer at Thumbtack, you'll be responsible for bringing the Thumbtack vision to life. That means discovering, researching and implementing anything that moves us towards our vision, in collaboration with designers, product managers and the rest of Thumbtack. This often takes the form of new product features, but also includes improvements to Thumbtack backend matching system, internal tools to give us insight into Thumbtack ecosystem, engineering infrastructure to keep the team humming along, and anything else that feels like an exciting opportunity. In any case, as a software engineer, it always means managing complexity through thoughtful software design to ensure we can grow and scale our product without sacrificing development speed or quality. We expect you to be excited by Thumbtack's mission to transform the local services economy, making it more efficient and useful for both sides of the marketplace. We deeply believe in the transformative power of technology in the services industry. Our engineering process values ownership and individual contribution within a collaborative environment. To this end, you will have complete autonomy in choosing the kinds of projects you undertake. We expect you to take a deliberate and thoughtful approach to your decision-making while also exercising great freedom and creativity. We hope that you'll enjoy crafting sentences and paragraphs as much as you enjoy crafting methods and classes. To learn more about what our engineering team is currently working on, check out our blog http://www.thumbtack.com/engineering/ About you You like finding interesting problems in the world, then tackling them head on with dedication and creativity You are comfortable expressing yourself with written and verbal communication You like talking and engaging with users to help them express their needs in ways that can be used as feedback for future iterations of the product You're not one to pick up a hammer then look for nails, though you do like finding new hammers- You appreciate a good statistical analysis and the power of data-driven decisions, and you like running A/B tests You're excited about the code you write, and work hard to make it maintainable for your future self as well as your colleagues on the engineering team You're comfortable working with a variety of technologies (we use a mix of PHP, Python, JavaScript, Postgres, Mongo, and loose leaf tea) Please apply using the following link: http://grnh.se/wyv5ts, :location San Francisco, :employer Thumbtack, :skills postgres, java, php, javascript, software engineer, python, rds}
