{:crawled true, :title Senior Software Developer, :description Overview Who you are: Do you live, eat, and breathe programming? Are you someone who sees code in their dreams? Would you consider yourself a developer’s developer? Spiceworks just might have a position for you! We’re looking for a razor sharp engineer to help transform how IT pros get their work done. If you’re a software fanatic who tirelessly fine-tunes their craft and seeks to improve your ideas based on what end-users really want and need – it’s time to apply! Who we are: Spiceworks, an 8 year-old Austin-based startup, is transforming how tech products (hardware, software and IT services) are marketed and sold to over 5 million SMB IT pros around the world. Over 2,000 new users join Spiceworks for free each day. How do we keep IT free? Over 3,000 tech brands (including Microsoft, Dell, HP and Rackspace) advertise in Spiceworks to reach these IT pros. Since SMB IT pros have historically been a tough market to reach, vendors love the unique ways Spiceworks helps them reach this elusive market… so much so that Forbes touted us “the future of media”! Responsibilities Your day-to-day (as a Stellar Software Developer, you’ll): Contribute to the design and development of product features Help drive the innovation and evolution of Spiceworks as a developer platform Work directly with our growing community of over 5 million IT pros as well as experienced developers who are experts in the industry Work on every level of the stack – frontend to backend, and everything in between Qualifications What does it take to do this job? 10+ years of experience Expert level object-oriented programming skills with Ruby (Python or equivalent) Expert level Application and/or Web Application experience is a must Solving large-application/user-level problems, performance, scalability, etc. Strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Ruby-On-Rails (Django or equivalent) Experience with REST APIs is a plus Skilled with distributed software (native or webapp) is a plus Experience with SQL is desired BS or BA in math, engineering, computer science or related field preferred, :location Austin, TX, :employer Spiceworks, :skills scala, django, java, software developer, ruby, rest api, javascript, html, python, sql}
