{:crawled true, :title Software Engineer, :description Sittercity is looking for full-time Software Engineers to help support our growing product platform, supporting our current web and mobile applications. We are looking for Software Engineers who have experience working with distributed systems and service-orientated architectures. You’ll need to demonstrate: The ability to create and maintain web services An understanding of common HTTP authentication and authorization protocols Experience working with message queues The ability to interpret acceptance criteria and build to specification Solid ability to clearly communicate technical information to your team Experience with at least one modern programming language (Ruby / Python / PHP) We would also love you to have: Familiarity with Git and Github Experience working with LXC Containers or Docker Experience with compiled languages (Go Lang / Scala / C / Java) Experience with search systems (ElasticSearch / Solr / Lucene) Experience with relational databases and document stores Your main responsibility will be to work as part of the Sittercity Technology team implementing new product features and services for our customer facing applications on the web and mobile. About Sittercity Sittercity is the leading online child care solution, connecting families nationwide with babysitters and nannies who meet their unique needs. Our team is diverse, innovative, and energetic. And we’re growing quickly! If you love a good challenge and want to put your skills to work with a company that makes a difference in families’ lives, then Sittercity is the place for you. Why you should join us Working at Sittercity is a great adventure. We offer an innovative and supportive environment that rewards passionate and curious individuals. The Technology department provides a casual and fun environment to work in. Our recently renovated office provides a bright and energized space for collaboration as well as many quiet areas for concentration. We actively encourage a sharing environment were all members of staff have a chance to expand their horizons. All employees receive two conference days per year to spend at an event of their choice. Lunchtime talks provide all employees with an opportunity to present back to their team subjects of interest, covering a plethora of subject matter. Additionally, you will receive the following benefits: Work at home on every Friday Food and healthy snacks throughout the day Excellent coffee from some of Chicago’s finest roasters Ping pong, yoga, pilates and on-site fitness center Company events, social outings and volunteer opportunities Competitive personal time off allocation Great benefits package, including; Health, dental, vision, disability, life, 401(k) Sittercity is a Recipient of the 2014 Work-Life Seal of Distinction Award from the Alliance for Work-Life Progress. Sittercity is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce.  We consider all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other basis as prohibited by federal, state or local law.  Sittercity participants in E-Verify and background checks all employees. , :location Chicago, IL, US, :employer Sittercity Incorporated, :skills scala, java, php, ruby, software engineer, python, rds}
