{:crawled true, :title Android Mobile Engineer, :description Android Mobile App Developer HealthTap is taking off! As a Android Mobile App Developer with unique problem-solving capabilities, you have a deep passion for quality, and the talent to craft amazing, elegant code for multiple platforms. If this sounds like you, please read on! Who You Are You’re passionate about mobile apps, not because they’re “hot” but because they’re truly helpful You value innovation over imitation You believe in magic You know the exactly right tipping point between speed and quality You’re a fanatic about maintainability and reusability You recycle You believe that no user should have to read a how-to manual You pride yourself on the elegance of your code You love writing on walls You work across different hardware platforms with ease You think the idea of having a doctor in your pocket is more revolutionary than a pocket full of bejewels You possess uncommon problem-solving skills Your other car is a bike You’re a stickler for platform norms, both for code and UI You know that battery matters, so you write code that is fast without being resource-heavy You’re on top of the latest mobile app trends What You Want From Your Next Career Move To use your talent for crafting amazing code to make a difference in the world. To see your work used by millions of people around the world. Why We Need You To use your talent for crafting amazing code to make a difference in the world. To work for a company that values innovation rather than imitation. To see your work used by millions of people around the world. As a mobile developer at HealthTap you’ll be part of a tight knit team, coding with a purpose. You’ll work in an engineering and product centric culture, using the best and latest technologies in a board development framework (iOS, Android and all browsers). You’ll also get hands on experience with massive scale, cutting edge frameworks, cross platform design and responsiveness, and world-class UI and UX design. Responsibilities include: Develop and extend the reach of our highly-rated (4.5+ stars on all app stores) existing applications, while helping to define the roadmap for future HealthTap apps Create elegant code that actually saves lives (and that’s efficient, reusable, and easy to maintain) Break frontiers in performance and accessibility, and bring a whole new industry to mobile Create interfaces and APIs that will connect with a community of developers around the world Collaborate with other engineers, and with product and design teams to innovate and create a novel mobile health experience for doctors and patients everywhere How You’ll Transform Global Healthcare You’ll constantly innovate to create a new mobile health experience for doctors and patients everywhere—an experience that will redefine the doctor-patient relationship. What You’ve Achieved BS / MS in Computer Science from a top school / program (or equivalent experience) Noteworthy skills in Android SDK, Java, SQL, HTML, Javascript, CSS, AJAX, jQuery, XML and 2+ years experience developing amazing Android mobile apps Substantial Eclipse experience Deep understanding of Android UI frameworks, application design, and complex, reactive touch-based UIs Solid understanding of Ruby on Rails (preferred) Understanding of Agile development a plus Startup or equivalent experience (preferred) and the drive to live the dream (required), :location Palo Alto, California, :employer HealthTap, :skills agile, xml, ruby on rails, java, ruby, mobile developer, javascript, html, sql, jquery}
