{:crawled true, :title Unix System Administrator, :description Booking.com is hiring for Unix System Administrators for our office in Seattle, Washington. In this position you will be responsible for managing and providing support for all aspects of the Booking.com website and infrastructure. You will ensure continual system operations and support the continuous business growth of Booking.com. You will work in the Production team to design, install, update, troubleshoot and repair new and existing systems and software. Main responsibilities (include, but are not limited to) Automating systems management of new and existing systems. An intensive automation and scripting mindset is essential; Actively monitoring the performance and stability of all the production systems at Booking.com, using your analytical skills to anticipate future problems and resolve them effectively; Troubleshooting and resolving problems with other systems administrators, database administrators, software developers, and commercial business colleagues. Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills are essential, including with little initial knowledge of a problem; Supporting the rapid development and deployment of internal software and systems. You will need to think on your feet; Provide excellent service in response to commercial business requirements; Documenting systems and communicate technical knowledge to colleague; Ability to learn new things quickly is essential; You will have the ability to make a big impact and the responsibility to do the right thing; Participate in an on-call rotation for out of hours support. Required Skills and Experience Strong experience of Linux systems administration Experience and interest in systems automation and systems programming Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills, under pressure Good team communication skills, with technical and non-technical colleagues Curiosity and dedication Knowledge of Python or Perl Proficiency in Bourne shell/Bash scripting Flexible and available to travel to Amsterdam, The Netherlands for trainings and meetings approximately 2x per year Work at Booking Booking.com is one of the largest e-commerce sites in the world. We book over 500,000 room nights every day and we are the market leader in online hotel reservations. We offer a dynamic, motivating and sophisticated work environment. A culture that is open, innovative and performance orientated. Our scale and scope, commitment to people and high standards of integrity make Booking.com a great place to work. You are you, We are Booking! Our culture is built around good ideas and a collaborative environment. We all share the responsibility to make our company even better. We believe that every employee can add their own unique value to the company, just by being you. We invite you to make your own mark on the company. All applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. At this point no H1-B Visa Sponsorship is available for this position., :location Seattle, :employer Booking.com, :skills perl, software developer, python, rds}
