{:crawled true, :title Engineering Manager, Web UI, :description You really do need to be a solid manager for this job. Our engineers are particularly smart, creative, hard-working, and capable collaborators. They need leadership, not supervision. Managers here are mentors who lead by example and coach their teams. They continually improve the work environment to bring out the best in everyone. Our managers work hard to stay invisible while delivering rapidly. If you're a command-and-control person, this is not the right place for you. If you've been a software engineer yourself, and you love helping other engineers excel, we might be the perfect place. Management here is serious business. We have the best management mentoring program in any rapidly growing tech company—-perhaps the best, period. It is hard work to become a better manager. You'll do that work every day alongside your peers throughout the company. Working at New Relic, you'll have a rare opportunity to challenge yourself and propel your ability to lead to the next level, with the support and guidance of a talented and dedicated team. Our product teams deliver the apps and services that give our technical customers visibility into their web applications. We turn mountains of monitoring data into clear visualizations so you can fix bugs and make operational decisions that impact the business. Our work is on the screens of every one of our 80,000 customers. You must get the agile/SaaS lifecycle, incremental delivery, and continuous deployment. Experience with Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, and Angular.js is helpful and an ability to learn is required. We operate the services we build, so expect to use your knowledge up and down the stack to create resilient, maintainable software. You'll be a serious candidate if you have several years of experience as a sharp engineer working on production web software; a track record of delivering socially complex projects (must be able to demonstrate that or it's a "no-go"); and a couple of years or more serving in a management or lead role. You're someone who acts with drive and urgency, yet always takes the time to listen and to do the right thing. You are constantly seeking new ways to explain, coach, teach, and bring out the best in others. Tell us about your management philosophy in your cover letter and give examples of your role in delivering software with a team. And, of course, we want to hear why you might be particularly interested in New Relic. A little about us: New Relic is a software analytics company that, on behalf of our customers, makes sense of billions of metrics about millions of applications, all in real time. Our comprehensive SaaS-based solution for web and mobile applications consolidates the performance monitoring data into a single, powerful interface. Our 90,000 customers use New Relic every day to optimize more than three million applications. New Relic is a San Francisco Best Places to Work award winner, an Oregon “Top Workplace” award winner, named a leader in the Gartner’s 2013 “Magic Quadrant” for APM companies, a Top 100 OnDemand Company, Best of SaaS (THINKStrategies), Top 100 Coolest Cloud Computing (CRN); 10 Cloud Management Companies to Watch (NetworkWorld) – the list of accolades goes on. More important than all of that: we provide challenging work, opportunities to learn, high quality teammates, a standard-setting product, and a company on the move. The position is in our Portland, Oregon office, right in the middle of a vibrant tech community and a region with great quality of life. We can help with relocation. We offer competitive compensation, stock options, and big-company benefits (medical, dental, vision, life), while maintaining the energy, agility, and fun of a successful, rapidly growing company. We can help with relocation and are open to H1-B transfers. New Relic is most decidedly an equal opportunity employer. We seek applicants of diverse background and hire without regard to race, color, gender, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, disability, age, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law. Note: Our stewardship of the data of many thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic. Interested? Send us a resume and remember to include your cover letter. We look forward to talking with you. Apply Here : http://www.Click2Apply.net/y668dr2, :location  Portland, Oregon, 97204, :employer New Relic, :skills agile, js, java, ruby, angular, javascript, software engineer, rds}
