{:crawled true, :title Developer (Ruby on Rails), :description Ruby on Rails developer needed at early-stage, well-funded server monitoring company! Mostro aims to build an innovative and powerful solution for server monitoring. We are two young entrepreneurs who previously sold a successful web-hosting company in France. During this experience, we realized there was a need to rethink the way we monitor servers. We both have a strong technical background and a deep knowledge of infrastructures, having managed 1000+ bare-metal servers. We’re still in the early stage of our development, and are assembling the team that will build a product according to our vision. We have an initial seed funding of $500k. Our office is in the brand new WeWork Park South location, near Madison Square, in NYC. You will be the second hire (2 founders, 1 lead dev + you), and will have an opportunity to be a decisive voice in the shaping of the company. We’re looking for a Ruby on Rails Developer. Under the Lead Developer responsibility: you’ll be one of the main contributors to the codebase you’ll work with the CTO and Lead Developer to keep the code scalable and evolutive you’ll always have a voice in the project, no matter your experience, we want ideas coming from everyone in the team! Bonus skills: you have some front-end experience (CSS, JS, CoffeeScript...) you have worked on scaling and optimizing an application for heavy load you have used sysop and server-side monitoring tools (Nagios…) We’re open to people with little or no experience, and we’ll be happy to offer you an opportunity to grow with us. Please point us to some code you’re proud of (GitHub repo, etc.) and describe the idea and process behind it. About Mostro Inc We offer competitive salary, stocks, and great benefits. As the second employee of the company, it will give you a preponderant role in the evolution of the project. Don’t miss this opportunity and come build this business with us! We’re waiting for your email at jobs+dev@mostro.com, :location New York, :employer Mostro, :skills scala, js, ruby on rails, ruby}
