{:crawled true, :title Experienced Software Developer - willing to learn Perl, :description At Booking.com we believe that a good developer is a good developer no matter what technology is involved. We run one of the world's largest Perl websites, but we do not require Perl experience to apply – only a willingness to learn, superior software craftsmanship, and commercial focus. With over half a million room nights reserved on Booking.com daily, we are seeking developers driven by challenges of scalability and rapid, customer-focused development. Our development strategy is agile and based on Scrum. We do several rollouts every day. We are data-driven and do extensive A/B testing. Everything we do is aimed at solving problems for our customers. If it doesn't help our customers, we're not interested in doing it. As a Software Developer, you are responsible for the development, performance, and scaling of our public website as well as internal systems, which includes using: Perl, Javascript, nginx, Plack, MySQL, Memcached, Redis, Hadoop, Elasticsearch, git, and CentOS Linux. You will work both independently and also be part of a team. You will work independently and will also be responsible for making technical decisions within a team. Software developers work from our headquarters in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. We are inviting CVs from candidates worldwide. Even without Perl experience, your colleagues will help you get up to speed in order to be able to start solving real problems from day one. Are you ready to join an international, result-driven, fun, and dynamic environment? Your Role at Booking.com Rapidly develop next-generation scalable, flexible, and high-performance systems Explain current systems, coach and train new developers Solve issues with the site and internal systems, prioritizing based on customer impact Act as an intermediary for problems, with both technical and non-technical audiences Collaborate with Team Leaders and Product Owners to prioritize projects. Your Skills and Experience Pragmatic and proactive attitude, with excellent verbal and written communication skills 4 years experience with hands-on software development (object-oriented is a plus) Experience with HTTP and server-side technologies (web servers, database servers) Preferably university degree in Mathematics or Software Engineering Prepared to relocate to Amsterdam, the Netherlands Interested? We offer a competitive salary, plus bonuses, with possibilities for training and further career opportunities within our fast-growing company. This position is open to candidates worldwide. We will assist you with a relocation package, ensuring a smooth transition to working and living in the Netherlands. To make the most out of your CV application and your interview, check out our blog on http://blog.booking.com/booking-com-developer-hiring-process.html, :location Amsterdam, the Netherlands, :employer Booking.com, :skills agile, scala, mysql, memcache, java, perl, software developer, hadoop, scrum, javascript, software engineer, html, sql}
