{:crawled true, :title Senior Java/Android Developer, :description Job Description Are you a great dev who wants to work on new and interesting projects, with new problems to solve all the time? We’re looking for great devs who want to work on really interesting projects. You know that Android is the dominant smartphone platform, and will be powering many different types of devices in the years to come. At Touch Lab, Android is all that we do and our goal is to be the best Android development shop around. Period. Come help us make that happen. We need developers that want to help define what great software development is, both for Android specifically, and small, agile teams in general. Besides just “coding”, we like to stay involved and give back to the community. Our team runs the NY Android Developers meetup and this year we’re producing Droidcon NYC, so we’re looking for people who want to increase their visibility and contribute to the community. If you’re interested in teaching others how great Android is done, we’re launching a training school in the fall, so this is the place for you. The next 18 months mark the beginning of a phase of significant growth for Touch Lab and we’re looking for leaders to help take our company to the next level. Rev share and equity plans to the right candidates. Relocation assistance can be discussed. Visas are a different story, but will do what we can. Requirements 3+ years software development experience. Strong Java/OOP skills. Android is highly desirable, but not an absolute requirement for the right candidate. Some team lead experience, or a strong desire to be in that role needed. Github and/or stackoverflow profiles carry a lot of weight, so please forward if you have them. About Touch Lab TouchLab is NYC’s premiere Android development shop, working for great companies of all shapes and sizes. We're heavily involved in the local Android/Mobile community, including the big NYC Android meetup, as well as hosting Droidcon NYC. Unlike most consulting and "media" companies, we're developer run. This means no crazy schedules or requirements, we understand what's needed to build good software. You'll have excellent opportunities for career growth and networking (if that's your thing). We're a young company, so you can directly influence how things are done. We work on the hard problems, and are developing some great open source solutions and platforms to define how mobile should be done. Hard problems need great thinkers. TouchLab currently works in midtown Manhattan, in a private office at one of the best co-working spaces in the city. It’s a great way to meet many others in the local tech community., :location New York, :employer Touch Lab, :skills agile, java}
