{:crawled true, :title  VP of Engineering, :description Summary The Wikimedia Foundation is looking for a Vice President of Engineering who will lead, grow and oversee a technology organization of 80+. This includes responsibility for keeping Wikimedia's sites and services running responsively, and inspiring transformative changes that benefit readers, contributors and developers. This role is a unique opportunity for an experienced technology leader to achieve positive social impact on a global scale through open source technology. Description About the Wikimedia Foundation Imagine a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. That's our commitment. – Wikimedia Foundation Vision Statement The Wikimedia Foundation is the non-profit organization that operates Wikipedia, the fifth most popular web property world-wide serving more than 500 million readers every month. It is the only non-profit in the top 50, supported by a community of millions of individual donors. Information in Wikipedia and other Wikimedia projects is developed by a global community of deeply passionate volunteers working in more than 280 languages. It is freely available to anyone, for any purpose, in perpetuity. The same is true for the open-source technology that enables the community to do its work. The core mandate of the Wikimedia Foundation staff of less than 200 is to continually improve our technology and user experience, to make new forms of collaboration possible (e.g. mobile, structured data, video ..), to attract new volunteers, and to support the continued expansion of our free knowledge offerings. In addition, the Wikimedia Foundation gives grants to individual volunteers, affiliates and partners to support Wikimedia's mission globally. Position Overview The Vice President of Engineering (VPE) will lead, grow and oversee a technology organization of 80+. This includes responsibility for keeping Wikimedia's sites and services running responsively, and inspiring transformative changes that benefit readers, contributors and developers. The VPE will be committed to empowering teams and enabling continuous improvement along all dimensions that make engineering organizations successful: the infrastructure changes needed to support continuous delivery, effective processes and tools for self-organizing teams, continued attention to team dynamics and chemistry, efficient and inventive hiring processes, recognition and celebration of accomplishments, and – more specific to our case – support of a global, open-source community of volunteers. The VPE will work with a rock-solid, creative, independent-minded and mission-driven engineering team that is partially distributed around the world. He/she will also oversee engineering community management and developer outreach in order to engage the global community of volunteer and third-party developers that contribute to the core platform, extensions, operations, JavaScript gadgets, templates, bots, tools and apps. The VPE will collaborate on technology vision and will be a key participant in the development of the product and technology roadmap. He/she will be responsible for fostering organizational and personal excellence to achieve precise, rapid and quality execution of engineering, product development and operations. The VPE will be a key member of the executive leadership team and will be expected to be an empowering, accessible and collaborative leader. The ideal candidate is a proven leader and a passionate technology executive, who is well known for disciplined execution at scale, inspiring and fair leadership of large, dispersed teams and quality strategic thinking on both technology and business/organizational questions. He/she will feel deeply inspired by Wikimedia's mission to bring free knowledge to every person on the planet, and by the opportunity to do so through the development of open-source technology that augments humanity's ability to solve complex problems. This position will be created as the result of organizing the current Engineering/Product group into two departments. Position Responsibilities Key responsibilities include: Leadership: Lead and grow complex technology infrastructure and high performance cross-functional technology team of 100+ in development, operations, architecture, and (in partnership with VP Product) product dev, user experience, analytics, etc. Lead, communicate and partner exceptionally well across product, legal, grant-making, and all other stakeholders. Organizational: Design and implement world-class organizational structure that supports self-organization, transparent communication and effective development of technology initiatives. Inspire teams to excel and grow. Ensure rigorous but lightweight delivery processes – implementing and customizing best practices in development, continuous integration/deployment, technical operations, architectural reviews, QA , etc. Execution: Foster execution of new development, deliver technology infrastructure build-outs, and continually improve performance of products and platform, including key applications at scale. Ensure complex multi-team projects are executed seamlessly across teams. Instill culture of execution that rewards personal responsibility, quality, efficiency, precision and innovation. Mobilize leadership team to respond to urgent situations, fire drills, etc. Vision/ Technology Strategy: Take ownership in setting vision and strategy for technology and operations, which supports and furthers the Wikimedia mission. Managing Growth: Manage expansion and growth, including anticipated continued growth in Wikimedia's global site traffic and content contributions. Anticipate growth challenges in communications and planning. People Management: Develop, train, inspire, coach and empower the technology leadership team in multiple locations. Position Requirements The ideal candidate must have at least 10 years experience, 5 of which are leading an engineering organization or department with multiple inter-dependent teams. Must be able to work in a fast-paced company, work effectively with diverse stakeholders, and be capable of instilling transformational best practices, execution rigor and a culture of innovation and collaboration. Leadership: Proven success overseeing large, complex technology infrastructures and high performance cross-functional engineering teams. (ideally, 50+ in development, operations, architecture, tech strategy, product dev, technical support, etc.). Demonstrated leader and exceptional communicator and partner. Ability to develop strong relationships and build strong teams through mutual respect, personal responsibility and self-organization. Execution: Proven track-record of success managing execution and delivery in leading- edge technology settings. Ability to drive large scale development and launch world class products. Managing Growth: Must show evidence of success building and running complex technology infrastructures (ideally in the context of a high traffic website serving millions of users) and world-class technology organizations. Organizational: Must have a proven track-record of designing, building and scaling large, high performing technology organizations. Demonstrated organizational skills in managing large teams building complex projects across different regions. Proven effectiveness at recruiting, assessing, mentoring and growing leadership talent and creating effective functional reporting structures. Effective at setting engineering priorities, intelligently deploying scarce resources; framing resource decisions; managing budgets and creating successful environments for maximum productivity. Technical Credibility: Must have a record of accomplishment in technology innovation and managing technology integration. Must have proven expertise in open source plus solid track record managing complex large scale website application architectures, including the application layer, caching layers, storage, network infrastructure, monitoring systems, etc. Must have experience implementing agile development, continuous integration and continuous delivery. Communications: Proven ability to build trust and create robust communication channels and communicate effectively with a diverse group of engineers/ technology staff; cross-functional product teams, and executive team members. Domain: The role requires open source expertise. This ideally should include experience delivering open-source software in prior roles, but at minimum, needs to include experience adapting, developing and improving open-source software as part of a larger software stack. Candidate Characteristics Bright, quick, structured thinker. Self-starter with experience scaling and guiding engineering organizations through structural evolution. Strong interpersonal and natural leadership skills, including the ability to establish a rapport and trust. Important attributes: positive attitude, diplomatic, driven, humble, honest, direct, take-charge, good listener with a good sense of humor. Highly accountable: takes ownership. A quick study with excellent written and verbal communications and professional presentation skills and demeanor. Excels at solving complex problems and garnering support from others to do so. An outstanding work ethic, high-integrity, team player attitude. Very comfortable working in a cross-cultural, international context. International life/work experience is a major plus. Lifelong learner. Educational Requirements B.S., equivalent or higher degree in computer science, math, or related field; hands-on software engineering experience strongly preferred., :location San Francisco, :employer Wikimedia Foundation, :skills agile, play, java, javascript, software engineer, rds}
