{:crawled true, :title Team Lead Development, :description Booking.com is world’s largest online hotel reservation company. We have over 340,000 properties listed on our website and do transactions spanning half a million room nights every day. We are part of Priceline group of companies and have presence in over 110+ cities worldwide. At Booking.com we work in small (4-5 people) agile teams. Each team owns a part of our product and works on it independently. Due to our company’s phenomenal success and the incumbent growth, we are now hiring Team Leads to join our development team in the heart of Amsterdam. As a Team Lead you should be able to: Write code and play an active role in developing new features for a high performance, scalable web platform. Work with the team and the product owner to define a prioritized backlog of stories that the team will tackle during a given sprint. Monitor team’s progress and take ownership of removing any impediments that slow the team down. Mentor people on the team and help them improve their game. Assess and communicate how your work impacts business and other systems. You should apply if : You are a technically strong candidate with a minimum of 5 years experience of working on a large web product. You have a sound understanding of programming fundamentals and know how they apply to highly scalable web based systems. You are comfortable making hands-on contributions, i.e. write code that is deployed to production servers. You have led a small team before and like working with people. You have a pragmatic outlook and excellent communication skills. We primarily use Perl for development. It’s ok if you haven’t used Perl before – as long as you are willing to learn it. We use MySQL with Memcache and Redis where necessary. We use Git for source control and our deployments are also closely tied to it. Experience with an e-commerce product is desirable but not mandatory. We offer a competitive salary, a comprehensive relocation package, a wonderful, diverse, work environment in the heart of Amsterdam and a chance to work on a fast-growing, successful product that touches millions of users every day. To make the most out of your CV application and your interview, check out our blog on http://blog.booking.com/booking-com-developer-hiring-process.html., :location Amsterdam, the Netherlands, :employer Booking.com, :skills agile, scala, mysql, play, memcache, perl, html, sql}
