{:crawled true, :title Sr. Full Stack Software Engineer (JavaScript), :description Sr. Full Stack Software Engineer (JavaScript) Culver City, Los Angeles AssetAvenue is a venture backed Los Angeles based online marketplace that offers investors the access, tools and knowledge they need to invest with confidence in commercial real estate. Featured in Forbes and Entrepreneur, we are one of the fastest growing crowdfunding platforms that is revolutionizing the real estate industry. We looking for smart, creative, passionate people who thrive in an energetic start up setting, where suits and such are left at home and hot buffet lunches are the norm. If you are a bass-ass full stack engineer who has HTML5 and NodeJS skills- read on! Overview This high profile role reports directly to the V.P of Engineering and is responsible for the architecting, designing, planning and the implementation success of projects within the Software Engineering department. This role is for a full-stack reengineer that is equally adept at frontend (HTML5) and backend (NodeJS) engineering. You must have a B.S. degree; however, a Masters is preferred. Your education and experience must be in a technology related field and you must have 5+ years of design and development in highly available commercial SaaS systems. You must be entrepreneurial in your approach while being practical in your timeframes. You must be highly technical and project savvy while still understanding the business. You must have experience in leading technical and business initiatives, within startup companies, while still understanding the maturity of the organization. The ideal candidate will have a broad base of experience and understanding of the level of pace, quality and resource needs of a start-up company and use this understanding to be a vital part of mapping business strategies into the best and most appropriate solutions available; and, then, help manage these solutions into production. You will need to work with existing systems and re-architect them so that you are highly available with a better user experience. You must be a great at communicating your recommendations to the Executive team and must establish yourself as, not only a top-tier architect, but also as a strategist at the highest level. You will need the ability to not only help manage larger projects, but also have the skills and knowledge necessary help mature the company in architecture and design processes. You must be able to properly provide vision and motivate the team to successfully complete projects to the satisfaction of the customers. You must understand how to efficiently deploy and effectively utilize the team to complete the initiatives as specified. You will be creating partnerships at every level in the company and provide guidance and oversight to all. What do you need to work at Asset Avenue? General BS in Computer Science. Experience working with Agile and SCRUM Experience in creating and reviewing all design documentation Experience in management processes Experience in collaboration across geographically dispersed teams Leadership experience and managing task prioritization Experience working with Development and IS processes (request tickets, collaboration, release management, escalation, metric collection, logs analysis, dashboards) Great Integrity, Team Acumen, Work Ethic, Accountability, and Respectful of Asset Avenue’s team, clients and partners. Technologies ● Frontend: ○ Mandatory - Preprocessors: Jade, Stylus/SASS/SCSS/LESS, CoffeeScript ○ Mandatory - CSS3 - cross-browser positioning, efficient selectors, reflow vs repaint, transitions/animations. ○ Mandatory - HTML5 - familiar with Web Sockets, Local Storage, Session Storage. ○ Bonus - Web Components. ○ Bonus - JS - DOM traversal, event binding/delegation, ready states, constructors and lambdas. ○ Bonus - Libraries: Bootstrap/Foundation, Knockout/Ember/Angular, jQuery/Zepto ● Backend: ○ Mandatory - Node/Express, NginX ○ Mandatory - Deployment: Capistrano, Fabric, Dotcloud, AWS, CloudFlare ○ Mandatory - SQL: Mysql, RedShift / Postgres ○ Mandatory - NoSQL: Redis, Memcache, MongoDB, Neo4j ○ Bonus - Testing: TDD, Cucumber, Mocha, CircleCI/TravisCI/Jenkins/Hudson ○ Bonus - Search: CloudSearch, ElasticSearch, Lucene ● Misc: ○ Mandatory - GitHub: has released at least a few personal projects. ○ Bonus - popular/starred repos. ○ Bonus - Virtual Machines: Vagrant, Docker ○ Bonus - Linux: Bash/Shell scripting What else is beneficial for a new role at Asset Avenue? Previous Experience in working with enterprise level SaaS systems Previous Experience working with Startups Previous Experience establishing architectural and SDLC standards Previous Experience with InfoSec requirements As part of a team you will be responsible for? The architecture, methodology, standards and documentation for dev projects Change, Configuration and Release Processes Solving complex usability and design issues Solving complex business challenges with well thought through technical solutions Re-architecting previously deployed systems Capacity Planning Managing teams and projects Working with company executives, department managers, developers and operations team to define new applications Ad Hoc Duties as needed Competitive Salary and other office perks offered. For consideration please apply to http://assetavenue.catsone.com/careers/ Check out our most recent press in The Los Angeles Times and Forbes! http://www.latimes.com/business/realestate/la-fi-lew-20140803-story.html?track=rss&utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+latimes%2Fclassified%2Frealestate+(L.A.+Times+-+Real+Estate+News) http://www.forbes.com/sites/realspin/2014/07/31/sec-crowdfunding-barriers-at-south-by-southwest/, :location Culver City, CA , :employer AssetAvenue, :skills agile, html5, scala, mysql, js, nosql, memcache, postgres, java, perl, s3, scrum, angular, javascript, software engineer, html, sql, jquery, rds}
