{:crawled true, :title Chief Technology Officer, :description Roomorama is looking for a Ruby Technical Lead. We want to find an exceptional candidate who will be able to help us realize our current roadmap, and help drive future product developments. Why work for us? We’re a multi-national group of self-diagnosed travel addicts. We love exploring new places, nerf gun battles, and delicious food and coffee. We pride ourselves in cultivating an open, relaxed environment and enjoy flexible schedules. Oh, and we all know how to curse in Italian. On the technology side of things you'll get the chance to work on services catering to millions of visitors as part of a small team of talented developers. We're currently doing some really interesting stuff with Elasticsearch, Hadoop (EMR) and celluloid (just to name a few). If working on any of these or other cutting edge technologies sounds like the kind of challenge you are up for, you should definitely get in touch! We offer a competitive salary, stock options and relocation for the right candidate. Responsibilities Help shape the future of Roomorama by choosing and creating the technology that supports the roomorama.com marketplace. Organize and manage the development team. Lead the hiring process for technical hires. Manage product releases. Communicate with partners and manage the technical aspects of integrations and partnerships. Maintain the current Roomorama infrastructure, and evolve it as technology changes. Design and refine our development workflow and release schedules. Skills & Requirements You should be organized, driven, and always willing to learn new technologies and skills. Past experience working in a startup environment is of course considered a big plus. Making decisions that will shape the future of the product and the company should not scare you. Essential skills Extensive Ruby and Ruby on Rails skills. Advanced knowledge of MySQL. Past experience managing a team of developers and hiring new technical resources. Great HTML, CSS and Javascript/Coffeescript knowledge. Experience with test-driven development (RSpec). You must possess a strong, traditional belief in clean and beautiful code. No exceptions. Plusses AWS services (S3, CloudFront, Elasticache, RDS, CloudWatch, Route53). Experience with Chef and OpsWorks (our entire infrastructure runs on AWS and is managed with OpsWorks). Experience using Elasticsearch or Lucene. Background job processing with Sidekiq. Any experience with machine learning and recommendation algorithms. Analytics and tracking tools: Kissmetrics, segment.io, customer.io, Optimizely, Kibana, StatsD/Graphite, :location Singapore, :employer Roomorama, :skills mysql, ruby on rails, java, hadoop, s3, ruby, javascript, html, sql, rds}
