{:crawled true, :title Lean/Agile Coach, :description Summary The Wikimedia Foundation’s Team Practices Group is looking for a Lean/Agile Coach to help us uncover better ways of developing software; a natural teacher, leader, and collaborator who embraces the spirit of the agile manifesto and its underlying principles. You will join this newly formed team dedicated to helping our development teams iterate towards excellence, in service of realizing a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all human knowledge. Description Act in a ScrumMaster/Agile Coach role within the organization and with individual teams as needed Work within the Team Practices Group to create and conduct development process workshops and tools Assess and track the health and success of engineering teams Advise, facilitate, and document engineering best practices (eg TDD, BDD, team-level metrics, CI, QA, etc.) Requirements 4+ years of experience in a lean/agile coach role, working in a variety of contexts, and with teams at varying levels of maturity Deep understanding of agile philosophy, lean principles, and common frameworks such as Scrum History of success facilitating the delivery of high-quality software from development through testing, integration, and deployment Experience working with distributed teams BS/BA degree (computer science, project management) or equivalent professional experience Pluses Agile certifications (PMI-ACP, CSM, CSP, CSC, etc) Experience in open source/community-driven collaborative projects Experience writing software Experience working on large, complex projects with a global audience Show us your stuff! Please provide us with information you feel would be useful to us in gaining a better understanding of your background and accomplishments. Links demonstrating projects you’ve helped deliver, your blogs, publications, personal projects, etc. are exceptionally useful. About the Wikimedia Foundation The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit organization based in San Francisco, California that operates Wikipedia and its sister projects in 285 languages. Together they receive nearly 500 million unique visitors per month making it the 5th most popular Web property. Wikimedia’s globally-distributed staff of 150 interact with a community of more than 100,000 people worldwide and remains committed to creating a world in which every single human being can freely and easily share in the sum of all knowledge. More Information http://wikimediafoundation.org http://blog.wikimedia.org https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/MediaWiki https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Wikimedia_Engineering/Team_Practices_Group, :location San Francisco or Remote, :employer Wikimedia Foundation, :skills agile, scrum, rds}
