{:crawled true, :title User Interface Developer, :description Who you are: Are you an ambitious UI developer with a passion for solving hard problems? Can you see a digital deliverable through from mockup to implementation? Do you relish the challenge of scaling a large social site or love finding ways to blur the line between traditional desktop apps and the web? Then Spiceworks just might have a position for you! We’re looking for a top-notch UI Application Developer to help contribute to the next phase in the Spiceworks’ suite of products. Who we are: Spiceworks, an 8 year-old Austin-based startup, is transforming how tech products (hardware, software and IT services) are marketed and sold to over 5 million SMB IT pros around the world. Over 2,000 new users join Spiceworks for free each day. How do we keep IT free? Over 3,000 tech brands (including Microsoft, Dell, HP and Rackspace) advertise in Spiceworks to reach these IT pros. Since SMB IT pros have historically been a tough market to reach, vendors love the unique ways Spiceworks helps them reach this elusive market… so much so that Forbes touted us “the future of media”! Responsibilities Your day-to-day (as a top notch UI Developer, you’ll): Focus on design and development of large, new product features Working with UX Designers to design end user workflows Contribute to the innovation and evolution of Spiceworks as a developer platform Promote design consistency and other UI standards across our products (working closely with other members of the UI team). Work directly with our growing community of over 5 million IT pros Join an exciting new team with tons of room for growth Qualifications What does it take to do this job? Application and/or web application development experience a must Expertise in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript/jQuery Object Oriented programming skills -- Ruby is a plus Experience with Rails, or any MVC web application framework Familiarity with Backbone.js or other client-side framework Familiarity with responsive design Familiarity with design apps (Illustrator, Photoshop) is a plus BS or BA in Math, Engineering, Computer Science or related field preferred Looking for all levels, :location Austin, TX, :employer Spiceworks, :skills js, java, ruby, javascript, html, jquery, rds}
