{:crawled true, :title Lead Frontend Developer, :description With a catalogue of more than 60,000 high-quality articles of furniture and designer products, Home24 is the largest online store for furniture in Germany. Home24 operates in Berlin as a subsidiary of Home24 GmbH. Home24 GmbH is a part of Rocket Internet GmbH, one of the leading German internet companies responsible for numerous successful online shops and start-ups in Germany, Europe and around the world. Employing over 15,000 employees, the Rocket Internet Group includes companies like Zalando; the biggest online shoe-retailer in Europe and eDarling; a leading online dating website. Lead Frontend Developer (f/m) Are you interested in building software used by hundreds of colleagues or building software for hundreds of thousands customers? Do you like writing fast, high quality code at a rapid pace? Home24 is seeking for Lead Frontend Developers who are passionate of writing great software for web applications. This position is full-time and based in our great office in Berlin. Responsibilities You will manage the frontend development-team composed of shop frontend and inhouse tools Work with product managers to implement the next generation of Home24 e-commerce features Build efficient and reusable frontend-end software Identify and address performance issues Team code quality and team coaching Participate in design and code reviews Identify and prototype best practices for front-end engineering Requirements Expert knowledge of JavaScript and web technologies (HTML5/CSS3); 5+ years of experience in building web applications Excellent communication and teamwork skills to converse appropriately with colleagues in order to identify optimal solutions Ability to write high-performance, reusable code for UI Practical knowledge and experience in jQuery or Prototype and CSS Frameworks (YAML, bootstrap, etc.) Knowledge of JavaScript Frameworks (ExtJS, MooTools, Dojo, AngularJS, etc.) Mobile / responsive design knowledge is a plus BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, also natural sciences possible What we offer you High-end computers (tower/laptop) with SSD hard disk, 16G of memory and 4х Xeon 3,X Ghz + 2x 24 inch screens Skill-dependent, negotiable salary – don’t hesitate to approach us Highly professional colleagues Benefits as employee discount, team events, free fruit, drinks and more If you are interested in being a part of an exciting success story, we look forward to hearing from you. Please send us a copy of your resume and relevant credentials (including a copy of your diploma, if available), as well as your expected salary and earliest possible start date. Please apply through this page: http://grnh.se/j4rlb1 Home24 GmbH | Greifswalder Straße 212-213 | 10405 Berlin | Contact: Caroline Wange, :location Berlin/Germany, :employer Home24 GmbH, :skills html5, js, java, s3, angular, javascript, html, jquery}
