{:crawled true, :title Cloud Engineer, :description Are you passionate about technology? Would you like to join a company that makes its own cloud services? Do you want to work together with people from over a dozen different countries to make those services? Do you want to be part of an agile DevOps team in an open and informal environment and be able to contribute to the service roadmap? We are SDL, Europe’s leading provider of advanced enterprise content management software. If you are passionate about automation and innovation, building large scale cloud based services, this team could be the challenge you were looking for! You will enjoy implementing automation and orchestration solutions to facilitate deployment of SDL Web solutions and DevOps practices. YOUR ROLE We are looking for an experienced and talented Cloud Engineer who’s proficient in automating application deployment and verification. Your experience and scripting skills will help you develop solutions to deploy, manage and monitor the cloud service infrastructure solutions of SDL Web, a key part of SDL Customer Experience Cloud. RESPONSIBILITIES Deliver working solutions to automate everything Design, code and test new features Debug and diagnose issues across network, OS, application and service Perform code reviews for your peer developers Inspire and share your experience with your colleagues SKILLS & EXPERIENCE At least a Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering or equivalent field Expert in AWS CloudFormation and Chef Fluent in English reading, writing and speaking DESIRED SKILLS Experience configuring, deploying and running a large cloud based service on AWS Experience working with Linux/Unix as well as Windows Experience with relational databases like Microsoft SQL Server or Oracle Database Experience with enterprise-level service characteristics such as Availability, Security, Performance, Stability, Scalability, etc. Exposure to Continuous Delivery processes and software development lifecycle tools such as TFS, Git, Jenkins, etc. Working knowledge in an agile development atmosphere like Scrum or Kanban, :location Amsterdam, the Netherlands, :employer SDL, :skills agile, scala, scrum, software engineer, sql}
