{:crawled true, :title Software Developer, :description Overview Who you are: Do you live, eat, and breathe programming? Are you someone who sees code in their sleep and won’t be happy until you find that perfect UI? Spiceworks just might have a position for you! We’re looking for a razor sharp developer to help transform how IT pros get their work done. If you’re a software fanatic who tirelessly fine-tunes their craft and seeks to improve your ideas based on what end-users really want and need – it’s time to apply now! Who we are: Spiceworks, an 8 year-old Austin-based startup, is transforming how tech products (hardware, software and IT services) are marketed and sold to over 5 million SMB IT pros around the world. Over 2,000 new users join Spiceworks for free each day. How do we keep IT free? Over 3,000 tech brands (including Microsoft, Dell, HP and Rackspace) advertise in Spiceworks to reach these IT pros. Since SMB IT pros have historically been a tough market to reach, vendors love the unique ways Spiceworks helps them reach this elusive market… so much so that Forbes touted us “the future of media”! What you’ll do: As a killer Spiceworks developer, you’ll help take our platform to the next level. An endless source of new ideas, you’ll have the opportunity to turn those awesome visions into realities. You’ll have a direct, practical impact in the IT trenches and you won’t just code on auto-pilot, you’ll who think about usability every step of the way. You’ll also tap into our user base, interact with them directly, and get real-world feedback and insights to make ideas and features as relevant and useful as possible. Responsibilities Responsibilities: What will I do? Contribute to the design and development of product features as well as major components Contribute to the innovation and evolution of the Spiceworks suite products Work directly with our growing community of over 2 Million IT pros as well as experienced developers who are experts in the industry Work on several different aspects - frontend to backend, and everything in between Qualifications Qualifications: What does it take to do this job? Looking for 2-10 years of experience BS or BA in Math, Engineering, Computer Science or related field preferred Object-oriented programming skills with Ruby-on-Rails (Python or equivalent) Application and/or Web Application experience is a must Familiarity with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Ruby-On-Rails Solving large-application/user-level problems, performance, scalability, etc. Skilled with distributed software (native or webapp) is a plus Some experience with SQL is desired, :location Chicago, IL, :employer Spiceworks, :skills scala, java, ruby, javascript, html, python, sql}
