{:crawled true, :title VP of Technology, :description At Emerald Media Group we are anything but ordinary. We’re looking for a very specific personality and skill set in our next Vice President of Technology — we’re looking for a unicorn. Our unicorn is a mythical creature, if you will. A magical mix of journalism, innovation, passion, and talent that — blended together — will offer our students the best teaching and leadership experience they can receive during their time at Emerald Media Group. At the Emerald, nothing is ever good enough. We’re creators, innovators, entrepreneurs and our own worst critic. Every facet of our organization is constantly being reinvented and challenges the conventional. We identify quickly what doesn’t work, and focus on finding out what does. We do things differently in an effort to “make college better.” Better for the people that work for us as well as those who interact with us. Failure motivates us. Problem solving energizes us. Experimentation fascinates us. Success drives us. When we’ve created something great, we move on and strive to create something better. We are looking for an experienced digital professional, with a passion for the practice of modern media and journalism techniques, interested in helping us improve our digital growth on both the business and editorial sides of our media group. If you have a devotion to digital innovation and excellence, a strong background in the industry, thrive in a fast paced environment and are as passionate about helping change the lives of the Emerald staff as we are about changing the lives of those around us, we want you. So, if you think you’re our next unicorn — please apply. Overview The Vice President of Technology will help make the Emerald the most innovative college media company in America. This person will work with students in the Emerald’s editorial and business divisions and its professional staff to develop digital products to serve the University of Oregon community. This is a salaried, full-time position that pays $40,000 to $60,000 with health and dental benefits. This person reports to the President. Specific duties Works with the Publisher and Editor in Chief to grow the Emerald’s relevance, readership and revenue in digital media Will work alongside students from all departments while teaching and collaborating on innovative projects, strategies and best practices within Emerald Media Group and its clients Responsible for managing the back end of all digital media products, including dailyemerald.com, DucksHousing.com, Emerald News iPhone apps, the email edition, digital advertising platforms and social media Manages the company’s information technology systems, including hardware, software and servers Assists and leads the development of new business ventures Ensures digital media products are consistent with the Emerald’s standards for professionalism, quality, branding and strategy Consults with clients as needed Performs other duties as assigned Preferred qualifications Three years experience in digital media, including: Website development Mobile app development Social media strategy & marketing Email marketing HTML & CSS JavaScript Ability to work alongside and mentor college students Strong problem solving and communication skills Ability to excel in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial workplace, :location Eugene Oregon, :employer Emerald Media Group, :skills java, javascript, html, rds}
