{:crawled true, :title Software Engineer, Advanced High Throughput Services, :description New Relic Software Engineer, Advanced High Throughput Services Portland, OR If you’re the kind of engineer who gets excited about the idea of building systems that handle billions of messages per hour, if you like to geek out about distributed cache consistency, if you have a penchant for performance and would rather spend your days designing algorithms than gluing together middleware — well, then you’re just like us, and we’d like to hear from you. The New Relic Data Services team builds and maintains the high-performance, high-volume backend services that receive, process, store, and query the tidal wave of incoming data from our rapidly growing customer base. Researching storage solutions, implementing fault-tolerant architectures, and helping other teams roll out features that consume terabytes of data a day are all part of our daily routine. We’re looking for a developer who has experience building complex production services using low-level libraries, with a keen eye for performance and concurrency issues. For this position, you should be eager to master the intricacies of JVM tuning, NIO, and designing infrastructure to process more bytes per second than Twitter. Most importantly, you should be excited about tackling hard problems as part of a small, driven team building the next generation of our most mission-critical systems. Specifically, you should have: 4+ years of commercial software development experience using a statically typed language (preferably Java or C) Experience working in a startup or startup-like setting Experience with database schema design and tuning Experience designing service APIs Thorough knowledge of design patterns, concurrency and multithreading Ideally, experience with Kafka, Java NIO, and Cassandra To apply, send us: A copy of your resume A cover letter, letting us know why this specific role appeals to you and describing the hardest problem you’ve solved A little about us: New Relic is a software analytics company that, on behalf of our customers, makes sense of billions of metrics about millions of applications, all in real time. Our comprehensive SaaS-based solution for web and mobile applications consolidates the performance monitoring data into a single, powerful interface. Our 90,000 customers use New Relic every day to optimize more than three million applications. New Relic is a San Francisco Best Places to Work award winner, an Oregon “Top Workplace” award winner, named a leader in the Gartner’s 2013 “Magic Quadrant” for APM companies, a Top 100 OnDemand Company, Best of SaaS (THINKStrategies), Top 100 Coolest Cloud Computing (CRN); 10 Cloud Management Companies to Watch (NetworkWorld) – the list of accolades goes on. More important than all of that: we provide challenging work, opportunities to learn, high quality teammates, a standard-setting product, and a company on the move. Our office is in the tech mecca of Portland, with easy commute access and a plethora of good eats and great coffee. We provide competitive compensation (including stock options) and big-company benefits (medical, dental, etc.)—all while maintaining the energy, agility and fun of a start-up. We can help with relocation and are open to H1-B transfers. New Relic is most decidedly an equal opportunity employer. We seek applicants of diverse background and hire without regard to race, color, gender, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, disability, age, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers’ means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic. To get started, click on the link below. Apply Here, :location  Portland, Oregon, 97204, :employer New Relic, :skills java, software engineer, cassandra, rds}
