{:crawled true, :title Software Build Engineer, :description Do you wish you could make a bigger impact? At Elekta, you can make a difference. Our software engineers connect thousands of patients to care each day. And, that is just the beginning. Ideal candidates should be self-motivated, thrive in a fast-paced environment and are always searching for a better way. If you are creative, smart and work best in teams, we’d like to talk to you. At Elekta, we don’t just develop software; we develop solutions that help transform the way clinicians treat cancer. Elekta’s growing software development engineering team has an opportunity for a Software Build Engineer to develop and maintain the build process, installation programs, and setup scripts for Elekta products. Our product teams thrive in a scaled, agile environment. Architects, product owners, designers and developers collaborate closely to rethink and re-imagine. We need your expertise to create software that is simple, elegant and easy to use. We want to make sure that physicians spend their time fighting cancer, not software. RESPONSIBILITIES The Software Build Engineer Will: Contribute to design decisions and discussions with the Design Review Team Develop, test and document build processes, scripts, and setup programs, support formal validation of products, and interface with vendors as necessary during the product development cycle Support the Product Support Team with issues that are beyond their technical scope Know, support and utilize Elekta’s quality and design procedures REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or equivalent experience Minimum two years experience in software development or software testing Experience with Subversion, Git, scripting languages, and developing Windows install packages with InstallShield Experience with Clarion, Awk, WinBatch, 4DOS/4NT, VB, and Linux is a plus Experience with Visual Studio is required DESIRED SKILLS Experience with continuous integration (Jenkins) processes is desired Excellent verbal and written communication skills Excellent problem solving skills Self motivated and able to work independently EEO Statement Elekta is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, veteran status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, genetic information, marital status or disability (in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act) with respect to employment opportunities., :location St. Louis, MO or Sunnyvale, CA, :employer Elekta, :skills agile, software engineer}
