{:crawled true, :title Site Reliability Engineer - 33891662, :description Changing the world is all in a day's work at Apple. If you love innovation, here's your chance to make a career of it. You'll work hard. But the job comes with more than a few perks. Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Be a part of the most revolutionary products in the market today -- iOS, iPhone, and iPad. The iOS Systems team is responsible for delivering solutions to activate iPhones, iPods, and iPads worldwide. iOS Systems works closely with engineers, PMs and QA groups across Apple including iOS software engineering, iCloud engineering, Apple Online Store, Apple Retail and backend IT systems, as well as carriers and other third parties outside Apple. Key Qualifications: •Minimum of 5 years hands-on engineering in an object oriented language. •Experience in a production environment is ideal, but not required. •Experience or expertise in Systems Engineering or Network Engineering is a big plus. •Background in information security risk management is a big plus •Minimum of 5 years hands-on engineering in an object oriented language. •Experience in a production environment is ideal, but not required. •Experience or expertise in Systems Engineering or Network Engineering is a big plus. •Background in information security risk management is a big plus. Description: The iOS Systems team is building out a Site Reliability organization. In this role you will be expected to work hand-in-hand with the teams across all phases of the project lifecycle to support systems and to take ownership as they move from QA through integrated testing, certification and production. Once the systems are live in production, you will be responsible for providing application support and will be the primary point of contact for the business ops teams and external companies in triaging issues, identifying root causes and working hand in hand with the software engineering team on short and long-term fixes. You see the world through a customer’s eyes, but have the technical experience and skills to build and shape that world. Whether it’s conference calls, emails or keynotes, success in this role comes by identifying areas of opportunity, then building consensus towards a resolution. Communication is key. You already know this… every issue counts. A single ticket can be the key to discovering an underlying issue impacting thousands of people. And now that you’ve found it, you can’t wait to fix it. You also know that owning the quality of an application is about separating the signal from the noise. Finding that signal is what motives you. Priorities change. You must be able to change with them. Education: BS degree in computer science or equivalent industry experience Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities., :location Cupertino, CA, :employer Apple Inc., :skills software engineer, rds}
