{:crawled true, :title Senior Front End Developer, :description Conferize is disrupting the global events industry. It’s a market pretty much the size of auto manufacturing and it hasn’t changed for decades. Yet, it’s still where the brightest minds and the best ideas or our time take center stage. Conferize is now unleashing this potential on a massive global scale with a platform like no other. As our new Senior Front End Developer you will be heading up the implementation and development of the next generation of Conferize, that has a cutting edge new design. We're improving every inch of our platform to provide a much more accessible, fluid and rich user experience on all digital platforms. Our new design is provided by some of the best designers in the industry, and you'll will be working closely with a dedicated team of world class developers to make everything come together. Forbes already believe we're better than LinkedIn and Twitter, but we know there's a lot more in store and we need your help to get us to the next level. Required skills: Strong JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 experience. Good experience with Sass + CoffeeScript and Git. Experience with jQuery / Angular / RequireJS or similar. Excellent written and verbal communication skills (English). Experience with responsive design. You should be team-oriented and pragmatic, yet have an eye for detail and be passionate about your work. The ideal candidate also has: Basic knowledge of Ruby. Knowledge of JavaScript testing frameworks. NoSQL experience. Conferize is founded by highly successful serial entrepreneurs and backed by great investors. We’re based in Copenhagen, San Francisco and London. The work place is in Copenhagen with flexible hours. We’re super ambitious yet very nice to be around :) We will give you everything you need to do your absolute best, fun, and most interesting work ever. We're a very international team and try hard to cultivate a multicultural environment where your work, socializing, and personal development goes hand in hand. To the right candidate we offer a competitive salary with optional participation in the company's warrant program, as well as a very slim chance to beat the founders in foosball. We can work with freelancers as long as you're ready to be part of the team and share our product vision., :location Copenhagen, :employer Conferize, :skills html5, js, nosql, java, s3, ruby, angular, javascript, html, sql, jquery}