{:crawled true, :title Python/JavaScript software developer in open source project, :description You will be part of the Adhocracy development team, writing web applications in a test-driven fashion, following our unique adaptation of clean code, and our own, constantly evolving style of scrum development. You will work on challenging tasks such as: Collaborative aggregation of opinions Integration of online and offline processes Use of powerful election methods Modelling meaningful participation processes Our current technology stack includes the following: Linux, Nix, Git, Nginx Salt, Buildout Python 3 Pyramid, Substance D, ZODB Plone pytest, Splinter, Selenium, Jasmine TypeScript, JavaScript AngularJS Sass, object oriented CSS, HTML5 OpenLayers, OpenStreetMap Your profile You are a talented developer with a passion for effective code You have experience with our technology stack, and are keen on catching up in areas you have not worked with. Experience in other programming languages (e.g. purely functional ones) and tools is always a plus You enjoy having constructive arguments on getting things done in the most effective and sustainable way You like using and contributing to free software About us The non-profit association Liquid Democracy e.V. was created in 2009 by a small group of people who believe that decisions in our society need, and can be made differently. To tackle this task we started developing our free, open source software Adhocracy. Through Adhocracy we work to facilitate joint decision making, and further the democratic ethos, allowing people to take part in the decisions that impact them. We seek to live up to this ethos ourselves and within our association. This is best demonstrated by three examples of our current work: We are working with the State of Berlin to create a central participation platform for citizens, opening up a permanent and direct channel of communication between administration and citizens. We also cooperate with partners on the EU research project (FP-7) ‘Policy Compass’ to unite and utilize open data and participation projects. Moreover, we develop our software Adhocracy to be used with corporate partners to exploit and explore the potential of joint decision making in an entrepreneurial context. For a more detailed overview of our recent work visit: https://projects.adhocracy.de/page Why work with us? Feel the impact of your work in the world around you. Be part of an innovative think tank that challenges traditional notions of democratic participation, in the heart of Berlins’ flourishing start up scene. Challenge yourself by contributing to a growing enterprise that works for ideas, not for profit. See how your contributions to our software change the way decision making takes place in our society. Enjoy a work atmosphere where creativity and new ideas are cherished and you can unfold your potential. We look forward to growing with you!, :location Isarstrasse 11, Berlin (Germany), :employer Liquid Democracy e.V., :skills html5, js, java, scrum, angular, javascript, html, python}
